Evaluated as espresso. Sweet-toned, deeply rich, chocolaty. Vanilla paste, dark chocolate, narcissus, pink grapefruit zest, black cherry in aroma and cup. Plush, syrupy mouthfeel; resonant, flavor-saturated finish. In three parts milk, rich chocolate tones intensify, along with intimations of vanilla paste and black cherry in the short finish and floral-toned citrus zest in the long. 
Evaluated as espresso. Sweetly tart, floral-toned. Honeysuckle, oak, dried apricot, dark chocolate, thyme in aroma and small cup. Delicately syrupy body; gently drying, floral-driven finish in the short and sweetly herb-toned in the long. In three parts milk, chocolate, florals and fruit all take center stage, and thyme-like herb notes gently follow.
Crisply sweet, cocoa-toned. Lemon blossom, roasted cacao nib, date, rice candy, white peppercorn in aroma and cup. Savory-tart structure; delicate, silky mouthfeel. The richly drying finish leads with cocoa-toned, crisply sweet floral notes in the short and a hint of spice (white peppercorn) in the long.
Delicate, sweetly spice-toned. Pink peppercorn, date, myrrh, lavender, roasted cacao nib in aroma and cup. Crisp, spice-toned structure with citrus-like acidity; satiny, very smooth mouthfeel. The crisply sweet finish centers around spice and pungent floral notes.
Deeply sweet, subtly pungent. Honey, pear, tangerine zest, dark chocolate, pistachio in aroma and cup. Sweet and juicy yet crisp in structure (think ripe pear); plush and buoyant in mouthfeel. Resonant and flavor saturated in the short finish; simplifies around hints of tangerine and pistachio in the long.
Delicate, richly and sweetly tart. Dried hibiscus, fine musk, almond, sandalwood, raspberry in aroma and cup. Fruit-toned, deeply sweet structure with gently-expressed acidity; buoyant, satiny-smooth mouthfeel. The crisp, flavor-saturated finish is characterized by sweet-tart fruit and floral tones (raspberry, hibiscus).
High-toned, floral. Dried apricot, magnolia, almond butter, maple syrup, cherry brandy in aroma and cup. Crisp, sweetly-tart in structure; plush, syrupy mouthfeel. Notes of magnolia and dried apricot dominate in the flavor-laden short finish, with hints of almond butter and fruit brandy in the long.
Very delicate, sweetly savory. Lemon verbena, allspice, dried persimmon, dogwood, baker’s chocolate in aroma and cup. Balanced, sweet-savory structure; velvety-smooth mouthfeel. The sweetly herb-toned finish centers on notes of lemon verbena and dried persimmon wrapped in baker’s chocolate.
High-toned, crisply sweet. Lemon blossom, apricot, frankincense, spearmint, roasted cacao nib in aroma and cup. Balanced, complete sweet-savory structure; satiny, full mouthfeel. Sweet spearmint notes carry the cocoa-toned finish, with hints of lemon blossom and apricot.
Balanced, sweet-savory. Red currant, roasted cacao nib, clove, blood orange zest, frankincense in aroma and cup. Savory-sweet structure with lively acidity; syrupy mouthfeel. The resonant, spice-toned finish leads with intimations of clove and roasted cacao nib in the short, rounding to rich fruit tones with hints of frankincense in the long.
Intense; deep, spice-complicated sweetness. Black currant, baker’s chocolate, peppercorn medley, black sage, a hint of lush lily in aroma and cup. Balanced and lively in structure: sweetly tart with a savory edge. Plush, silky mouthfeel. Chocolate moves forward in a resonant, long, lively finish.
Deeply crisp, lushly floral. Rose, almond, dark chocolate, lime zest, peppermint in aroma and cup. Tartly sweet with a clear savory edge in structure; plump, juicy mouthfeel. Finish is complex and resonant in the short, consolidating around a fading lime and mint in the long. 
Evaluated as espresso. Intrigungly complex, balanced. Dark chocolate, molasses, cedar, narcissus, date in aroma and small cup. Satiny-smooth body; sweetly cocoa-toned finish. In three parts milk, floral and cocoa tones lead in the short, while hints of rich date resurface in the long.
Surprising and melodic, delicate yet vivid. Lilac and lemon blossom, fresh sweet grass, honey, moist pipe tobacco, fresh-cut elm in aroma and cup. In structure subtly and sweetly tart. Very light, silky mouthfeel. Unexpectedly rich and flavor-saturated in the finish: pipe tobacco, honey, lemon blossom.
Delicate, gently tart, spice-toned. Pomegranate, cocoa powder, lemon blossom, white peppercorn, hazelnut in aroma and cup. Lively, quietly complex structure; crisp, buoyant mouthfeel. The finish leads with gently drying notes of hazelnut and white peppercorn in the short and segues to cocoa-toned citrus blossoms in the long. 
Rich, sweet-toned, balanced. Nougat, pink peppercorn, lemongrass, roasted cacao nib, tea rose in aroma and cup. Floral-toned, bittersweet structure; delicate, satiny mouthfeel. Notes of aromatic wood and spice-toned florals carry the gently drying finish.
Evaluated as espresso. Subtle and enveloping, richly sweet-toned. Jasmine, roasted cacao nib, passionfruit, sandalwood, nougat in aroma and small cup.  Delicate, silky mouthfeel; cocoa- and sandalwood-toned finish with notes of passionfruit carrying into the long. In three parts milk, passionfruit and jasmine harmonize with cocoa and a pleasing aromatic wood.
Sweet, delicate, floral and wood-toned. Fresh-cut fir, demerara sugar, orange zest, faint rose-like flowers in aroma and cup. Gently bittersweet structure; very lightly syrupy mouthfeel. Flavor consolidates but persists in a round, sweet-toned finish.
Crisply sweet, multi-faceted. Candied violet, dark chocolate, pungent juniper wood, grapefruit zest, mango in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart structure with juicy acidity; satiny mouthfeel. The resonant finish centers around mango and violet in the short and dark chocolate in the long, with a hint of aromatic wood.
Spectacularly sweet and hugely aromatic. Meyer lemon marmalade, cedar, pistachio, guava, jasmine in aroma and cup. Crisply sweet/tart and massively juicy in structure; plush, buoyant mouthfeel. The juicy structure and complex aromatics persist in a long, lingering finish.   
Crisply sweet-savory. Lavender, roasted cacao nib, strawberry guava, hazelnut, toasted barley in aroma and cup. Sweetly floral structure with savory undertones; crisp, velvety mouthfeel. The cocoa-toned finish leads with spicy florals and tropical fruit in the short, grounded by pleasing notes of toasted barley in the long.
Sweetly pungent, gently roasty. Scorched cedar, dark chocolate, plum, lavender, lime zest in aroma and cup. Complex in structure: sweetly tart with a roasty, savory depth. Light, satiny mouthfeel. Lemon zest, dark chocolate, plum carry into a rich though drying finish.
Elegant, deep, sweetly savory. Jasmine, sandalwood, plum, nutella-like nut and cocoa, tangerine zest in aroma and cup. High-toned, balanced structure with citrusy acidity; syrupy-smooth mouthfeel. The finish is long, resonant and flavor-saturated, carrying through on the promise of the cup.
Evaluated as espresso. Balanced, deeply and sweetly pungent. Honeysuckle, cashew, baker’s chocolate, cedar, caramel in aroma and small cup. Satiny mouthfeel; crisp, resonant finish that leads with baker’s chocolate in the short, rounding to nut-toned florals in the long. In three-parts milk, full and expressive of cashew butter, baker’s chocolate and honeysuckle. 
Evaluated as espresso. Floral-toned, lively. Black currant, narcissus, sandalwood, roasted cacao nib, molasses in aroma and small cup. Syrupy, buoyant mouthfeel; gently drying, flavor-saturated finish centered around notes of black currant and narcissus. In three parts milk, centered on narcissus-like florals with cocoa tones and black currant just underneath, with hints of sandalwood resurfacing as well.
Bright, richly sweet, complex. Red currant, lilac, dark chocolate, lime zest, redwood in aroma and cup. Sweetly savory in structure, with juicy acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel. The balanced finish is resonant with notes of red currant and dark chocolate, with hints of lime zest. 
Delicately sweet and balanced with a subtle hint of fermented fruit. Peach, sweet chocolate, sandalwood, honeysuckle, almond in aroma and cup. Gently and sweetly bright in structure; light yet satiny in mouthfeel. Quiet but resonantly long finish: peach, chocolate, almond.
Sweetly pungent, lightly savory. Unusual aromatics: floral-toned honey, plum, musk, a hint of coriander in aroma and cup. Crisply sweet, savory-edged structure; lightly syrupy mouthfeel. Dry and gently flavor-saturated in the finish.
Brisk and subtly layered. Almond butter, dried apricot, fresh-cut fir, hints of dark chocolate and clover in aroma and cup. Sweetly brisk and dry in structure; lightly syrupy mouthfeel. The drying structure sweetens and smoothes a bit in the finish, and chocolate and clover-like flowers move forward.
Deeply and pungently sweet-tart. Lavender, grapefruit zest, sandalwood, blackberry, a hint of baker’s chocolate in aroma and cup. Simultaneously brightly tart and deeply savory in structure. Lightly syrupy, plush mouthfeel. Grapefruit zest and blackberry carry into a crisply resonant finish.
Sweet, spice-toned, pungent. Hazelnut, cocoa, ripe cantaloupe, tangerine zest, a hint of cinnamon in aroma and cup. Complexly structured: very sweet, gently tart, slightly bitterish. Syrupy and full in mouthfeel. Cocoa and tangerine carry into a deep, long finish.
Delicate, sweetly tart. Strawberry, caramel, musk, cocoa butter, magnolia in aroma and cup. Quietly tart-leaning structure with sweet undertones; plush, syrupy body. The perfumy, almost musk-like finish is characterized by tart fruit notes in the short and cocoa butter in the long.
Deeply and richly sweet-savory. Orange marmalade, pipe tobacco, dried fig, dark chocolate, freesia-like flowers in aroma and cup. Bright, sweetly-tart in structure with zesty acidity; delicately satiny mouthfeel. Notes of richly savory pipe tobacco lead in the finish, paired with dried fig in the short and orange marmalade in the long.
Deeply sweet, fruit- and cocoa-toned. Baker’s chocolate, dried coconut, tea rose, almond, cedar in aroma and cup. Fruit-toned structure with round, gentle acidity; crisp though syrupy mouthfeel. The spice-toned finish suggests homemade fruitcake, with notes of dried fruit, nuts and warming spices. 
Deeply sweet, chocolate-toned. Dark chocolate, Brazil nut, gardenia, baked apple, cedar in aroma and cup. Roundly sweet in structure; lean, lightly syrupy body. The gently drying finish is characterized by notes of dark chocolate throughout, supported by gardenia and apple tones in the short and cedar in the long. 
Richly sweet, fruit-toned. Dried strawberry, dark chocolate, freesia-like flowers, tangerine zest, a hint of aged rum in aroma and cup. Sweetly round in structure; syrupy mouthfeel. The finish is crisply and richly drying with lingering hints of aged rum enveloped by dark chocolate. 
Richly sweet, spice-toned. Baker’s chocolate, tangerine zest, clove, date, sandalwood in aroma and cup. High-toned, sweetly tart in structure; plush and syrupy in mouthfeel. The finish centers around cocoa-toned clove notes and deeply sweet fruit in the short, aromatic sandalwood in the long.
Deeply sweet-savory, uniquely pungent. Ripe tomato, pink peppercorn, lantana-like flowers, blood orange zest, fresh pipe tobacco in aroma and cup. Savory-leaning, richly sweet in structure; plush and syrupy in mouthfeel. The finish is equal parts sweet and savory. Notes of citrus zest and lantana linger in the short and rich pipe tobacco in the long, while ripe tomato resonates throughout.
Crisply sweet-tart, high-toned. Lemon verbena, cedar, pomegranate, lavender, maple syrup in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart in structure with bright, juicy acidity. The finish is deep and rich, with sweet, lemony herb tones, tart fruit notes, and hints of aromatic wood.
Intensely sweet, intricately rich. Pink grapefruit zest, blackberry, fresh pipe tobacco, lavender, baker’s chocolate in aroma and cup. Balanced, sweet-savory structure; crisp, satiny, buoyant mouthfeel. The resonant finish leads with notes of berry and citrus zest in the short, rounding to chocolate in the long, with spicy florals throughout.
Crisp, sweet-savory. Mulberry, pink peppercorn, maple syrup, gardenia, cedar in aroma and cup. Crisply sweet-savory in structure; viscous, velvety mouthfeel. The rich though drying finish centers around spicy florals and berry tones in the short and notes of aromatic wood and maple syrup in the long.
Sweetly pungent, richly savory-toned. Blackberry jam, roasted cacao nib, rhododendron, sundried tomato, nougat in aroma and cup. Sweet-savory structure with crisp, floral acidity; viscous, lightly syrupy mouthfeel. The finish is sweet-toned and balanced, with lingering notes of berry and cocoa.
Bright, crisp, deeply sweet. Honey, lilac, cedar, tea rose, mango in aroma and cup. Crisply sweet-tart structure; satiny-smooth body. Notes of mango and spice-toned florals carry the short finish, while honey lingers in the long.
Crisp, sweetly tart. Dark chocolate, pie cherry, cedar, honey, magnolia in aroma and cup. Bittersweet in structure with crisp, citrus-like acidity; velvety mouthfeel. The finish consolidates to honey-toned stonefruit in the short and dark chocolate in the long.
Complex, uniquely sweet, tropical. Plumeria, roasted cacao nib, mango, sandalwood, nougat in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart structure with bright, juicy acidity; syrupy mouthfeel. The finish carries through on the promise of the cup, with rich florals in the short and deep fruit notes in the long, where a new element, a soft fruit tone suggesting coconut, surfaces.
High-toned, richly sweet. Strawberry guava, roasted cacao nib, lime zest, jasmine, almond in aroma and cup. Sweetly-tart structure with juicy, balanced acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel. The finish is long and resonant, with lime zest and strawberry guava in the short, rounding to cocoa-toned jasmine in the deeply sweet long.
Spice-toned, richly sweet. Raspberry, dark chocolate, hazelnut, gardenia, bergamot in aroma and cup. Sweet, fruit-forward structure; full, satiny mouthfeel. The resonant, flavor-saturated finish is characterized by notes of rich chocolate with berry and bittersweet citrus complications.
Sweetly bright, spicy and savory-edged. Orange zest, black currant, baker’s chocolate, tamarind, floral-toned vanilla, redwood in aroma and cup. Deeply bright and richly savory in structure; syrupy, lively mouthfeel. Very deep, very lasting finish, saturated with flavor: chocolate, black currant, vanilla. 
Richly sweet/tart, crisply complex. Dark chocolate, roasted cashew, pink grapefruit, sandalwood, Chinese five-spice in aroma and cup. Structure is drying but sweetly juicy; buoyant and plump in mouthfeel. Nut-toned chocolate with a hint of sandalwood and spice saturate a sweet, richly dry finish. 
Sweet, deep, intense but balanced. Peach, maple syrup, sandalwood, grapefruit zest, almond, magnolia in aroma and cup. Round, resonantly and sweetly bright in structure. Silky and buoyant in mouthfeel. Deep, long, flavor-saturated finish.
Crisply and sweetly tart, delicate yet confident. Peach, vanilla bean, grapefruit zest, almond, pink peppercorn in aroma and cup. Poised in structure: sweet, tart, savory. Mouthfeel is cushiony, plush. Flavor saturates a savory-edged, drying finish.
Spice-toned, chocolaty. Chocolate-toned malt, date, hazelnut, fresh pipe tobacco, stick cinnamon in aroma and cup. Richly bittersweet in structure; velvety-smooth mouthfeel. The finish is richly chocolate-toned with a hint of cinnamon.
Crisply sweet, intricate, delicately rich. Jasmine, tangerine zest, sandalwood, sweet ripe banana, roasted cacao nib in aroma and cup. Balanced, roundly and gracefully sweet/tart in structure. Light-footed and plush in mouthfeel. Flavor consolidates around jasmine, sandalwood and banana in a sweet, lasting finish.
Deeply sweet, delicately zesty, complexly fruit- and floral-toned. Peach, grapefruit zest, alyssum-like flowers, dark chocolate, cinnamon in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart in structure, with a deepening savory-bitter edge. Light, satiny mouthfeel; flavor saturates a deep, richly floral and chocolate-toned finish.
Evaluated as espresso. Crisply sweet-tart. Frangipane, dark chocolate, cedar, tamarind, jasmine in aroma and small cup. Crisp, velvety mouthfeel; nut-toned, richly tannic finish. In cappuccino-scaled milk, invitingly bittersweet, with notes of dark chocolate and jasmine in harmony.
Sweetly tart, intense but balanced. Orange zest, red currant, tea rose, white sage, roasted cashew in aroma and cup. Brisk and savory-edged but sweet in structure; impressively buoyant, almost effervescent mouthfeel. Flavor fades to hints of sage and cashew in a sweet though drying finish.  
Evaluated as espresso. Sweetly bright, tartly juicy. Grapefruit zest, mango, chocolate, fresh-cut fir in aroma and small cup. Very lightly syrupy and lively in mouthfeel. Rounds in the finish and the chocolate comes forward. In three parts milk a dry, orangy chocolate dominates, crisply and pleasingly.  
Intensely rich, deeply sweet, complex. Chocolate fudge, lavender, grapefruit zest, moist perique-style tobacco, coconut-covered date in aroma and cup. Balanced, sweetly savory in structure with lively acidity; buoyant, syrupy mouthfeel. The flavor-laden finish offers chocolate-toned spicy florals in the short resolving to rich date notes with undertones of perique tobacco in the long.
Crisply sweet, high-toned. Maple syrup, narcissus, ripe orange, hazelnut, a hint of cardamom in aroma and cup. Gently sweet-tart structure; velvety mouthfeel. The short finish leads with attractive bittersweet orange tones; narcissus and cardamom carry the long.
Richly sweet, crisply complex, spice-toned. Lilac, bergamot, white peach, caramelized walnut, sandalwood in aroma and cup. Delicate, sweetly tart, juicy in structure; crisp, satiny mouthfeel. The quietly resonant finish is flavor-saturated: stonefruit and bergamot carry the short and sandalwood-nuanced lilac notes resurface in the long.
Delicate, crisply sweet. Dried coconut, baker’s chocolate, candied violet, cedar, nutmeg in aroma and cup. Balanced, sweet-tart structure; silky mouthfeel. The gently drying finish is carried by notes of chocolate-toned coconut in the short and cedar in the long, with a whisper of sweet candied violet.
Engaging, richly sweet-savory. Caramelized fig, earthy pipe tobacco, aged rum, hibiscus, cinnamon in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart structure; velvety-smooth mouthfeel. The long finish consolidates to cinnamon and caramelized fig, with a hint of aged rum.
Sweet-toned, fruit-forward. Raspberry, cedar, baker’s chocolate, gardenia, molasses in aroma and cup. Bittersweet structure; velvety mouthfeel. The crisp, gently drying finish leads with notes of chocolate-toned berries in the short, and spicy-sweet florals and aromatic wood notes in the long.
Richly sweet, high-toned. Maple syrup, orange zest, roasted cacao nib, peach, cedar in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure; satiny mouthfeel. The resonant finish has a throughline of roasted cacao nib, accompanied by notes of peach and maple syrup in the short and orange zest and cedar in the long. 
Vibrant, richly sweet, clear-toned. Roasted cacao nib, ginger blossom, dried fig, sandalwood, sugar cane in aroma and cup. Lushly sweet-tart in structure with juicy acidity; crisp, velvety mouthfeel. The deep, resonant finish is flavor-laden, fulfilling the promise of the cup with spicy floral notes in the short and cocoa-toned fruit in the long.
Intense, dynamic, richly sweet-savory. Passionfruit jam, baker’s chocolate, aromatic orchid, sandalwood, almond in aroma and cup. Bright, sweetly tart in structure; full, velvety mouthfeel. The resonant finish is crisply sweet, with layers of complex fruit and floral notes in the short, consolidating to baker’s chocolate and almond in the long. 
Evaluated as espresso. Deeply expressed dark chocolate, magnolia-like flowers, grapefruit zest, date, cedar in aroma and small cup. Lean, though very smooth mouthfeel; chocolate-toned finish with hints of cedar. The chocolate deepens in three parts milk, enlivened by continued suggestions of magnolia and grapefruit.
Delicate, sweetly spice-toned. Red currant, lemon verbena, baker’s chocolate, rose hips, a hint of cannabis in aroma and cup. Crisply sweet-savory structure; crisp, velvety mouthfeel. The finish is sweetly herb-toned, leading with notes of lemon verbena and red currant in the short and a sweet muskiness akin to cannabis in the long, with a throughline of baker’s chocolate.
Evaluated as espresso. Bright, zesty-sweet. Baker’s chocolate, lemon zest, black cherry, fresh-cut fir, narcissus in aroma and small cup. Crisp, velvety mouthfeel; balanced, sweetly tart finish. In three-parts milk the coffee particularly impresses: rich chocolate harmoniously envelops tart fruit and sweet floral notes.
Sweetly savory, layered. Rhododendron-like flowers, cinnamon, baker’s chocolate, cedar, red currant in aroma and cup. Round, savory-leaning structure; crisp, velvety mouthfeel. The quiet finish centers on notes of vanilla-like florals and baker’s chocolate, with a hint of cinnamon. 
Richly sweet, chocolate-toned. Molasses, baker’s chocolate, lily, cedar, black peppercorn in aroma and cup. Bittersweet structure with round, gentle acidity; velvety-smooth mouthfeel. The finish is thoroughly chocolate-toned, leading with baker’s chocolate in the short complicated by deep florals and aromatic wood, rounding to cocoa powder and molasses in the long.
Evaluated as espresso. Delicate, crisply sweet-savory. Tamarind, baker’s chocolate, rhododendron, mulberry, oak in aroma and small cup. Confident, satiny-smooth mouthfeel; richly drying finish redolent of chocolate-toned aromatic oak. In three parts milk, chocolate and sweet floral notes merge and bloom, and a pretty hint of tangerine zest also surfaces. 
Deeply sweet, richly savory. Dried apricot, roasted cacao nib, freesia, almond, tamarind in aroma and cup. Balanced, sweet-savory structure; syrupy-smooth mouthfeel. The finish leads with notes of dried stone fruit and spicy florals in the short, rounding to almond and cocoa in the long, with a hint of tamarind-like sweet-tartness.
Deeply sweet, intensely pungent. Dark chocolate, tangerine zest, star jasmine, maple syrup, frankincense in aroma and cup. Deeply sweet-toned in structure with lively, bright acidity; satiny mouthfeel. The finish is as elegant as the cup implies: flavor-saturated, floral-, chocolate- and fruit-toned in both short and long.
Richly savory, sweetly herb-toned. Baker’s chocolate, fennel, black cherry, cedar, wisteria-like flowers in aroma and cup. Round, deeply sweet in structure; syrupy mouthfeel. The cocoa-toned finish leads with black cherry in the short, which settles into a cedar-toned flowers in the long. 
Delicately sweet-tart, fruit-toned. Strawberry, aged rum, cocoa powder, pink peppercorn, celery seed in aroma and cup. Sweetly fermenty in structure; satiny-smooth in mouthfeel. A hint of aged rum carries the finish, accompanied by berry notes in the short and spice-toned savory notes in the long.
Gently bittersweet, deeply floral-toned. Baker’s chocolate, aromatic orchid, hazelnut, oak in aroma and cup. Low-toned, crisply bittersweet in structure. Mouthfeel is light though silky. The finish consolidates to a rich, oaky chocolate.   
Resonantly fruit-forward, elegant, complex. Honey, dried raspberry, chocolate truffle, aged rum, a hint of marjoram in aroma and cup. Juicy, rich structure with bright, vibrant acidity; full, satiny mouthfeel. A suggestion of sweet marjoram complicates the rich, flavor-saturated finish, which leads with honey and raspberry notes in the short, rounding to chocolate and aged rum in the long.
Crisply sweet, spice-toned. Dried papaya, caramel, tangerine zest, pink-peppercorn, vanilla in aroma and cup. High-toned, sweetly tart in structure with juicy, bright acidity; lean, though satiny-smooth mouthfeel. The resonant, richly drying finish is laden with sweet notes of caramel and papaya in the short, turning more savory-leaning in the long, with hints of pink peppercorn wrapped in vanilla. 
Resonantly bright, floral-toned. Jasmine, frankincense, cardamom, toffee, apricot in aroma and cup. Balanced, sweetly tart structure with juicy acidity; crisp, velvety mouthfeel. The deep, flavor-saturated finish leads with caramel-toned apricot in the short, with rich florals resurfacing in the long. 
Deeply rich, spicy sweet. Pear, cedar, vanilla, grapefruit zest, cumin in aroma and cup. Tartly bittersweet in structure; full, syrupy though drying mouthfeel. Resonant finish consolidates around pear and a floral-toned vanilla. 
Delicate, deeply sweet, complexly layered. Passionfruit, roasted cacao nib, frankincense, lilac, almond in aroma and cup. Balanced, sweet-tart structure with juicy acidity; crisp, satiny mouthfeel. The richly cocoa-toned finish is redolent of tropical fruit and fragrant aromatic wood.
Deep, intense, sweetly perfumy, savory-edged. Dark chocolate, vanilla, dried mango, sandalwood, a hint of dried mint in aroma and cup. Very sweet though also rather drying and tannic in structure; satiny mouthfeel. Resonant, flavor-saturated finish, sweet yet spicy, particularly impressive in the long.
Rich, roundly sweet-tart. Peach, fresh-cut fir, baker’s chocolate, magnolia, brown sugar in aroma and cup. Bittersweet in structure; crisp, velvety mouthfeel. Baker’s chocolate and stone fruit carry the quietly resonant short finish, fresh-cut fir and deep florals prevail in the long.
Evaluated as espresso. Intensely chocolaty, vivaciously fruit-toned. Dark chocolate, narcissus, pie cherry, molasses, sandalwood in aroma and small cup. Rich, syrupy mouthfeel. A resonant finish leads with cherry and narcissus notes in the short and sandalwood-toned chocolate in the long. In three parts milk, dark chocolate envelopes deeply stated fruit and floral notes. 
Evaluated as espresso. Richly and deeply pungent. Dark chocolate, cedar, orange zest, floral-toned vanilla, fresh pipe tobacco in aroma and small cup. Syrupy but lively mouthfeel; dark chocolate, cedar, orange carry into a resonant finish. The dark chocolate turns crisp and malty in three parts milk. 
Evaluated as espresso. Richly sweet-tart. Dark chocolate, narcissus, candied blood orange zest, almond butter, cedar in aroma and small cup. Full, syrupy body; citrus- and cedar-toned finish. In three parts milk, notes of dark chocolate pleasin
Fruit-forward, delicate yet intense. Complex flowers (lily to lavendar), sandalwood, dark chocolate, plum, a hint of brandy in aroma and cup. Roundly and deeply crisp in structure; lightly satiny in mouthfeel. The finish is resonant and sweet with chocolate and a continuing hint of brandy.
Delicate, sweetly tart. Roasted cacao nib, honeysuckle, tamarind, spearmint, plum in aroma and cup. Balanced structure with brisk acidity; crisp, satiny mouthfeel. Bittersweet in the short finish and sweetly wood-framed in the long.
Evaluated as espresso. Sweet-savory, intense, balanced. Spicy-toned flowers, tangerine zest, red berries, cedar, dark chocolate, roasted cashew in aroma and small cup. Syrupy but buoyant mouthfeel. Flowers, chocolate and citrus all carry into a resonant though slightly drying finish. Gently and sweetly citrusy in three parts milk, with a continued backgrounded chocolate and nut. 
Evaluated as espresso. Rich, deeply roast-toned. Dark-chocolate, ripe pear, scorched sandalwood, tangerine zest, honeysuckle-like flowers in aroma and small cup. Syrupy, plump mouthfeel; resonant finish is dry but alive with aromatics: dark chocolate, sandalwood, hints of flowers and tangerine. Dry but deep, chocolaty and nuanced in three parts milk.
Delicate but richly intricate. Cocoa, almond paste, lemon verbena, hints of lily and grappa-like spirits in aroma and cup. Savory-sweet and brisk, though juicy in structure. Very lightly syrupy in mouthfeel. The finish is deeply savory-sweet and crisply flavor-saturated. 
Deeply and richly sweet; spice-toned. Lavender, mulberry, bay leaf, lemon zest, allspice in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned structure with vibrant acidity; buoyant, silky mouthfeel. The long, resonant finish is laden with spice-toned floral notes and bright berry suggestions.
Richly sweet, floral-toned. Wisteria, roasted cacao nib, almond, caramel, hint of musk in aroma and cup. Balanced, sweetly tart structure with juicy acidity; crisply velvety mouthfeel. The finish consolidates to a pretty cocoa-toned musk in the short, with almond and caramel resurfacing in the long.
Integrated, floral- and sweetly earth-toned. Lavender, perique pipe tobacco, tangerine zest, apricot, roasted cacao nib in aroma and cup. Sweet-savory in structure; syrupy-smooth body. The short finish is resonant with spicy floral and stone fruit notes and the long is earthy sweet, redolent of fine pipe tobacco.
Intricate, layered, deeply sweet. Blackberry, nougat, roasted cacao nib, frankincense, tangerine zest in aroma and cup. Crisply sweet-tart structure; full, satiny mouthfeel. Notes of blackberry enveloped in cocoa frame the quiet short finish, rounding to incense-like aromatic wood and nougat in the long.
Floral-toned, crisp, deeply sweet. Dried strawberry, freesia, toffee, hazelnut butter, fresh-cut cedar in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned structure; syrupy, almost creamy body. Notes of freesia-like flowers and hazelnut butter dominate in the short finish, while sweetly wood-framed toffee tones carry the long.
Deeply and richly sweet, complex, layered. Apricot, dark chocolate, nut-toned toffee, sandalwood, fresh humus (forest floor).Sweet-savory structure with lively, juicy acidity; velvety-smooth mouthfeel. The flavor-saturated finish is resonant with notes of stone fruit and sandalwood in the short and earth-toned toffee in the long.
High-toned, brightly sweet. Honeysuckle, spearmint, pomegranate, cedar, baker’s chocolate in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart structure with buoyant acidity; delicate, silky mouthfeel. Sweet notes of honeysuckle characterize the short finish, while chocolate-toned tart fruit, with a hint of spearmint, carries the long.
Lush, deeply and richly sweet. Ginger blossom, pineapple, myrrh, maple syrup, orange marmalade in aroma and cup. Richly sweet-tart in structure with vibrant acidity; satiny mouthfeel. The long finish morphs from notes of tropical flowers in the long to tropical fruits nuanced by resonant aromatic wood in the long.
High-toned, richly sweet. Nectarine, apple blossom, redwood, dark chocolate, grapefruit zest in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart structure with bright, lively acidity; crisp, velvety-smooth mouthfeel. The finish is saturated with notes of stone fruit and apple blossom in the short, with dark chocolate and a hint of grapefruit zest resurfacing in the long.
Fruit-driven, intensely sweet. Bergamot, mango, sandalwood, baker’s chocolate, citrus blossom in aroma and cup. Richly sweet structure with rounded acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel. The finish sustains the fruit-forward momentum of the cup, backed by incense-like notes of sandalwood and a crisp baker’s chocolate.
Delicate but deeply and quietly intense. Cocoa, peach, fresh-cut fir, brown sugar, a hint of lush, lily-like flowers in aroma and cup. Balanced, crisply sweet in structure; light-footed and lively in mouthfeel. Cocoa dominates in a resonant, flavor-saturated finish. 
Big, round, deeply resonant, layered. Fresh-cut cedar, baker’s chocolate, autumn squash, a hint of thyme in aroma and cup. Sweet-savory, low-toned in structure; full, syrupy in mouthfeel. In the finish most flavor details fade, but a powerful, chocolate-complicated sweetness rings on.
Roundly and sweetly citrusy. Ripe tangerine, caramel, freesia-like flowers, cedar, a hint perhaps of fresh parsley-like herb in aroma and cup. Sweetly and gently tart, pure and juicy in structure. Very smooth, fullish, satiny mouthfeel. Flavor consolidates in a layered, resonant finish. 
Lush, vibrant; intricate and balanced. Fine musk, dried jasmine, passionfruit, bergamot, dark chocolate in aroma and cup. Complex, richly sweet structure with bright acidity. Buoyant, silky mouthfeel. The resonant finish fulfills the promise of the cup, carrying all of the flavor notes, including a hint of white sage, well into the long.
Crisp, richly and sweetly tart. Candied apple, magnolia, cashew butter, sassafras, pomegranate in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart in structure with juicy acidity; velvety-smooth mouthfeel. The richly drying, subtle finish centers around notes of nut butter and sweet florals.
Delicate, crisply sweet-savory, roast-rounded. Dark chocolate, orange blossom, almond, sandalwood, tamari in aroma and cup. Savory sweet in structure  with gentle acidity; crisp, satiny mouthfeel. The finish is rich with notes of dark chocolate and almond in the short, with savory-sweet hints of tamari and sandalwood incense in the long.
Deeply sweet, richly wood-framed. Watermelon candy, sandalwood, narcissus-like flowers, toasted pecan, maple syrup in aroma and cup. Bittersweet structure; crisp, satiny mouthfeel. Aromatic wood leads in the short finish, while notes of watermelon candy (think Jolly Rancher) and sweet florals resurface in the long.
Evaluated as espresso. Crisp, richly sweet. Dark chocolate, lily, caramelized walnut, grapefruit zest, fresh-cut fir in aroma and small cup. Lightly syrupy body; richly drying, citrus-toned finish. Chocolaty and floral-toned in three parts milk.
Evaluated as espresso. Richly floral, chocolate-toned, sweetly tart. Wisteria, dark chocolate, tangerine zest, molasses, dried apricot in aroma and small cup. Viscous, lightly syrupy mouthfeel; crisp, cocoa-toned finish. Very floral in cappuccino-scaled milk: Notes of wisteria and dark chocolate dominate, nuanced by tangerine zest and dried apricot.
Deeply and richly sweet. Strawberry, peach, sandalwood, almond butter, chrysanthemum in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart structure; crisp, satiny mouthfeel. The quiet finish consolidates around notes of almond and sandalwood.
Pungent and earthy with a quietly persuasive sweetness. Fresh clay, grapefruit zest, baker’s chocolate, vanilla bean, ripe pear in aroma and cup. Sweet/savory in structure; light but plush mouthfeel. Clay, grapefruit and vanilla carry into an impressively resonant, layered finish.
Intricately layered, deeply and sweetly pungent. Roasted cacao nib, lemon zest, lilac, candied ginger, frankincense in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with bright, juicy acidity; full, syrupy mouthfeel. The complex finish sustains all of the flavor notes from the cup, sweet flowers in particular.
Richly sweet, spice-toned. Dried cherry, lemon zest, baker’s chocolate, cashew, a hint of cayenne in aroma and cup. Delicate, sweetly tart structure with bright acidity; crisp, velvety mouthfeel. The flavor-saturated finish centers on citrus notes and chocolate in the short, with a suggestion of cayenne in the long.
Sweetly pungent, high-toned. Dried apple, orange blossom, toffee, cedar, dark chocolate in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart structure, with juicy acidity; buoyant, silky mouthfeel. The finish is deeply sweet and resonant, with notes of orange blossom and toffee in the short, rounding to chocolate in the long.
Deeply rich, sweetly tart. Baker’s chocolate, grapefruit zest, molasses, tea rose, marjoram in aroma and cup. Balanced, sweet-savory in structure; plump, velvety mouthfeel. The finish is crisp and dry, but also richly sweet, with notes of chocolate and spice-toned florals.
Juicy, crisp yet lush, original. Jasmine, baker’s chocolate, sandalwood, tangerine zest, dried mango in aroma and cup. Layered and lyric in structure: softly bright, crisply pungent. Light yet lively in mouthfeel. The finish consolidates around the sandalwood and cocoa, but the sweet flowers last, too. 
Deeply, refreshingly pungent and earthy. Grapefruit zest, dark chocolate, candied ginger, graham cracker, moist fresh-fallen leaves in aroma and cup. Structured around complexly layered tart, sweet and savory tastes; plush, syrupy mouthfeel. Sweet, deeply flavor-saturated finish.
Balanced and bright with a savory, root-vegetable depth. Lemon verbena, ripe orange zest, roasted cacao nib, rhododendron, a hint of brothy cooked root vegetables in aroma and cup. Structure is quietly sweet/tart with a savory edge; the mouthfeel round, syrupy and full. The finish is richly drying, consolidating around cacao nib and a ripe zesty orange.
Richly sweet, delicately savory. Lilac, chocolate fudge, pomegranate, frankincense, honey in aroma and cup. Balanced, sweetly savory structure with bright, juicy acidity; buoyant, syrupy mouthfeel. The flavor-saturated finish is resonant with notes of lilac and pomegranate in the short and chocolate-toned frankincense in the long.
Crisp, delicate, yet intense and original. Lush, rose-like flowers, dark chocolate, cedar, almond, ripe pineapple in aroma and cup. Balanced and complete in structure, poised at a round, satisfying intersection of sweet, tart and bitter. Light but syrupy in texture. Layered and resonant in the finish: rose, chocolate, almond all ring on.
Bright, richly sweet. Lime blossom, raspberry jam, sandalwood, roasted cacao nib, maple syrup in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart in structure with juicy acidity; viscous, buoyant mouthfeel. The finish leads with citrus and berry notes in the short, segueing to sandalwood-framed sweet florals in the long.
Richly sweet, fruit-toned. Raspberry jam, almond butter, rhododendron-like flowers, grappa, cocoa powder in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with fruit-forward acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel. The finish consolidates around deep raspberry and cocoa notes, with a heady hint of sweet ferment.
Delicate, intricately sweet. Dried mango, roasted cacao nib, honeysuckle, freesia-like flowers, a hint of cumin in aroma and cup. Deeply rich, balanced  structure; crisp, satiny mouthfeel. The finish is animated by lively mango and freesia notes in the short, quieting to cocoa-toned honeysuckle in the long.
Richly sweet, spice-toned. Black currant, molasses, amber oil, allspice, wisteria-like flowers in aroma and cup. Deeply sweet structure; smooth, rounded acidity. The finish displays an unusual sweetly musky quality suggesting amber oil, complicated by black currant and wisteria. 
High-toned, richly sweet-savory. Mango, honey, lemongrass, oak, narcissus in aroma and cup. Balanced, sweetly savory structure with lively acidity; crisp though velvety mouthfeel. The sweetly herb-toned finish is redolent of lemongrass, supported by mango, honey and a hint of oak.
Intensely rich, sweetly savory. Dried raspberry, aged rum, paprika, pipe tobacco, wisteria-like flowers in aroma and cup. Sweet-savory in structure with gentle acidity; full, velvety mouthfeel. The flavor-saturated finish fulfills the promise of the cup, carrying over each of the distinct fruit, earth, spice and chocolate notes, together with a hint of sweet ferment suggesting aged rum.
Richly sweet, spice-toned. Mango, clove, lime zest, dark chocolate, fragrant pipe tobacco in aroma and cup. Crisply sweet in structure with bright acidity; lightly creamy mouthfeel. The rich-toned finish leads with notes of lime zest and clove in the short; both mango and pipe tobacco return in the long.
Floral, richly earth-toned. Lilac, black cherry, nutella, moist pipe tobacco, tangerine zest in aroma and cup. Sweet-savory structure with bright acidity; velvety-smooth mouthfeel. The finish is richly fruit- and floral-toned, with amplified notes of pipe tobacco in the long. 
Intensely sweet-tart, deeply rich. Blackberry jam, toasted coconut, dark chocolate, fine musk, fresh-cut redwood in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart structure with juicy, bright acidity; delicate, satiny mouthfeel. The quiet finish centers on notes of blackberry and chocolate in the short, musk and redwood in the long. 
Lush, high-toned, richly sweet. Apricot, bergamot zest, nougat, sandalwood, honeysuckle in aroma and cup. Deeply sweet in structure, with juicy, bright acidity; plump, syrupy mouthfeel. The finish is seemingly eternal, resonant with all the flavor notes from the cup: stone fruit, citrus zest, nutty caramel, aromatic wood and sweet florals.
High-toned, deeply sweet. Black currant, honey, sandalwood, narcissus-like flowers, roasted cacao nib in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart in structure with juicy, bright acidity; full, syrupy-smooth mouthfeel. The resonant finish consolidates to notes of black currant and honey in the short, rich cocoa-toned sandalwood in the long.
Intensely pungent, richly vibrant, deeply sweet, startlingly original. Complex spice (cinnamon, clove, nutmeg), herb (fresh cilantro, parsley), baker’s chocolate, lime zest, sweetly pungent spirits (Brazilian cachaça?) in aroma and cup. Deeply sweet and roundly tart in structure. Full, syrupy mouthfeel. The shifting, layered intrigue in the cup carries far into a long, resonant finish.
Evaluated as espresso. Layered, complex. Dark chocolate, mango, grapefruit zest, cedar, lily-like flowers in aroma and small cup. Lightly syrupy, lively mouthfeel. Mango, chocolate and a hint of flowers persist in a deeply resonant finish. Crisply lively in three-parts milk: continued chocolate and mango-like fruit, while the floral suggestions hint at butterscotch. 
Evaluated as espresso. Roundly and sweetly tart/pungent. Baker’s chocolate, almond, cedar, tangerine zest, wisteria-like flowers in aroma and small cup. Syrupy, full mouthfeel. Flavor consolidates in a rather dry though pleasingly chocolate- and cedar-toned finish. Crisp in three-parts milk: dry chocolate and rich floral hints.
Crisp, richly sweet-savory. Maple syrup, gardenia-like flowers, fresh humus, pomegranate, baker’s chocolate in aroma and cup. Deeply sweet in structure, with savory undertones; delicate, silky mouthfeel. The finish is driven by gardenia-like florals and sweet earth tones in the short, baker’s chocolate and tart fruit in the long.
Crisp, sweetly tart. Concord grape, baker’s chocolate, cedar, musk, magnolia in aroma and cup. Balanced, sweet-tart in structure with juicy acidity; full, satiny mouthfeel. The resonant finish leads with fruit and floral tones, rounding to baker’s chocolate in the long. 
Fruit-forward, spice-toned. Raspberry jam, clove, rum cordial, fresh-cut fir, dried hibiscus in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart structure with brisk acidity; lightly creamy mouthfeel. Clove and raspberry drive the sweet-toned short finish, while notes of fresh-cut fir reappear in the long.
Delicate, sweetly spice-toned. Peach blossom, hazelnut, pink peppercorn, lime zest, cedar in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart in structure with lively, balanced acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel. The finish consolidates to peach blossom and hazelnut in the short, with lime zest and cedar resurfacing in the long.
Crisp, sweetly savory. Butterscotch, mesquite, cocoa powder, cooked acorn squash, fine musk in aroma and cup. Sweet-savory in structure with brisk acidity; lightly syrupy mouthfeel. The finish is carried, both short and long, by notes of cocoa and rich aromatic wood.
Elegant, bright, very sweetly pungent. Starfruit, frankincense, lime zest, roasted cacao nib, narcissus in aroma and cup. Richly sweet in structure with balanced, vivacious acidity. Delicate, silky mouthfeel. The floral-toned finish starts and ends with notes of narcissus, punctuated by starfruit, cacao nib and bittersweet citrus suggesting lime zest, all enveloped in perfumy aromatic wood redolent of frankincense.
Crisply sweet, balanced. Apricot, freesia-like flowers, baker’s chocolate, clove, almond in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart structure; full, velvety mouthfeel. The finish leads with notes of sweet stone fruit and spicy florals in the short, rounding to cocoa-toned almond in the long, with a lingering hint of clove-like spice.
High-toned, richly sweet-tart. Baker’s chocolate, hibiscus tea, floral vanilla, tangerine zest, brown sugar in aroma and cup. Sweetly bright in structure, with gentle acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel. The sweetly tart finish is gently drying, consolidating around notes of hibiscus tea and baker’s chocolate.
Fruit-toned, chocolaty. Strawberry, dark chocolate, sandalwood, lavender, a hint of brandy in aroma and cup. Brisk, sweet-tart structure with juicy acidity; delicate, silky mouthfeel. Reminiscent of a chocolate cordial in the sweetly fermenty finish.
Crisp, delicately sweet. Baker’s chocolate, violet-like flowers, papaya, macadamia nut, molasses in aroma and cup. Balanced, bittersweet structure; impressively buoyant, velvety mouthfeel. The resonant, flavor-saturated finish consolidates around notes of violet and papaya with a throughline of molasses-like sweetness.
Resonant, sweet-savory, original. Baker’s chocolate, fragrant fresh-cut cedar, green grape, almond, wisteria in aroma and cup. Roundly tart, sweetly savory in structure; plushly syrupy mouthfeel. Flavor, particularly green grape and flowers, carries into a drying finish.
Deeply sweet, richly earth-toned. Dark chocolate, candy cap mushroom, gardenia, black cherry, grapefruit zest in aroma and cup. Balanced, sweet-savory-tart structure with vibrant acidity; full, syrupy mouthfeel. The crisp, flavor-saturated finish centers around sweet fruit and floral notes and an intriguing savory inclination.
Delicately rich, vibrantly sweet-savory. Wisteria, chocolate fudge, mango, candied lime zest, allspice in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart in structure; full, velvety mouthfeel. The long finish consolidates to notes of wisteria and allspice.
Quietly and delicately crisp. Candied walnut, peach, honeysuckle, cedar, ripe banana in aroma and cup. Gently and sweetly brisk in structure; light, very silky in mouthfeel. Walnut, peach and cedar in particular carry into a sweet though drying finish.
High-toned, deeply sweet. Honeysuckle, blackberry, cardamom, tangerine zest, sandalwood in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with vibrant acidity; buoyant, satiny mouthfeel. The flavor-saturated finish leads with rich floral notes and crisply sweet suggestions of mixed berries
Evaluated as espresso. Bright, richly sweet-tart. Raspberry jam, hazelnut butter, baker’s chocolate, lilac, a hint of bourbon barrel in aroma and small cup. Lightly creamy mouthfeel; cocoa-toned finish with notes of raspberry jam and hazelnut. Florals return in three parts milk, with big wisteria-like notes in the short and more sweet-tart raspberry jam in the long.
Delicate, high-toned, richly sweet. Caramelized apple, honeysuckle, baker’s chocolate, tangerine zest, frankincense in aroma and cup. Balanced structure with bright, juicy acidity; buoyant, syrupy mouthfeel. The deeply sweet, flavor-laden finish leads with notes of cacao nib and honeysuckle in the short and rich frankincense with hints of bittersweet citrus zest in the long.
Sweetly spice-toned, deeply rich. Bergamot, almond, fresh parsley, gardenia, oak in aroma and cup. Crisply sweet, softly tart in structure; plush, full mouthfeel. The rich, resonant finish carries over all the notes from the cup, a nut-toned bergamot in particular.
Wildly, disconcertingly original. Sweetly tart, simultaneously fruit- and earth-toned, bright yet lush. Fresh clover, earth, fresh-pressed red grape juice, dark chocolate, white peppercorn in aroma and cup. Juicy sweet yet zesty and savory in structure. Full, syrupy mouthfeel. The finish is resonant and intensely flavor-saturated. 
Crisply sweet, fruit-toned. Blackberry, baker’s chocolate, freesia, hazelnut, cedar in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with bright acidity; velvety-textured, crisp mouthfeel. The cocoa-toned finish has a berry throughline, enveloped by spicy floral notes.
Deeply rich, sweetly roast-toned. Dark chocolate, raisin, molasses, cedar, a hint of cinnamon in aroma and cup. Sweet in structure with gentle, rounded acidity. The finish is chocolate through and through, with raisin in the short and aromatic wood notes resurfacing in the long.
 Richly sweet-savory, roast-cradled. Toasted coconut, black currant, tamari-roasted almond, myrrh, lavender in aroma and cup. Sweetly savory in structure with balanced, juicy acidity; buoyant, syrupy mouthfeel. The richly drying finish consolidates to notes of lavender and tamari-roasted almond.
Rich-toned, subtly complex. Pineapple, sandalwood, jasmine, honey, cocoa in aroma and cup. Deeply sweet in structure with juicy acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel. The resonant finish leads with cocoa-toned pineapple in the short, rounding to jasmine in the long.
Multi-layered, intricate. Raspberry, chocolate fudge, lavender, vanilla, rum cordial in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart in structure with fruit-toned acidity; lightly syrupy mouthfeel. The finish is crisp and richly drying, with notes of chocolate and lavender in the short and fruit-infused rum in the long.
Deeply sweet, richly savory. Lemongrass, graham cracker, sassafras, roasted cacao nib, jasmine in aroma and cup. Sweet-savory structure, with round acidity; satiny-smooth mouthfeel. The short finish is resonant with notes of lemongrass and jasmine, rounding to cocoa and graham cracker in the long.
Crisp, balanced, richly sweet. Maple syrup, apricot, hop flowers, nougat, roasted cacao nib in aroma and cup. Sweet-savory structure with lively acidity; full, satiny mouthfeel. Notes of maple syrup and apricot pleasantly dominate the finish, with enticing hints of bittersweet, hop-like florals.
Richly savory, deeply sweet. Ginger blossom, almond brittle, pear, fresh, moist forest notes, wildflower honey in aroma and cup. Structured balance among sweet, tart and savory tastes; crisp, velvety mouthfeel. The honey-toned finish leads with ginger blossom in the short and notes of pear and almond in the long.
Delicate, complex, chocolate-toned. Dried mulberry, dark chocolate, fine musk, pipe tobacco, pink peppercorn in aroma and cup. Sweetly savory structure with juicy acidity; plump, smooth mouthfeel. The finish, which consolidates to notes of dark chocolate and dried mulberry, is confident and flavor-saturated.
Evaluated as espresso. Richly sweet, chocolate-toned. Chocolate fudge, magnolia, almond brittle, tangerine zest, cedar in aroma and small cup. Crisp, satiny mouthfeel; wood-framed, floral-toned finish. In three parts milk, notes of chocolate fudge resonate and linger, along with sweet magnolia-like flowers and hints of cedar.
Evaluated as espresso. Rich, fruit-toned, balanced. Baker’s chocolate, pomegranate, gardenia, grapefruit zest, fresh-cut fir in aroma and small cup. Lean, smooth mouthfeel; gently drying, cocoa-toned finish, with hints of grapefruit zest. In cappuccino-scaled milk, baker’s chocolate is center stage, supported by notes of sweet-tart fruit.
Sweet-toned, with attractive savory undercurrents. Tangerine zest, magnolia, tamari, black cherry, roasted cacao nib in aroma and cup. Sweetly savory structure with lightly juicy acidity; full, syrupy mouthfeel. The finish is characterized by cocoa-toned citrus notes, with magnolia-like flowers underneath.
Evaluated as espresso. Intensely pungent, richly sweet. Dark chocolate, black cherry, almond, myrrh, star jasmine in aroma and small cup. Buoyant, silky mouthfeel; long, lingering finish characterized by dark chocolate and stone fruit. In three parts milk, suggestions of myrrh and star jasmine support the throughline of fudge-like chocolate notes.
Evaluated as espresso. Richly sweet, brightly tart. Dark chocolate, lily-like flowers, blood orange zest, peach, cedar in aroma and small cup. Punchy, syrupy mouthfeel; crisp, cocoa-toned finish with lasting notes of citrus zest. In three-parts milk, the sweet-tartness of the shot carries through, bringing dark chocolate along for the ride.
Sweetly roast-rounded, cocoa-toned. Baker's chocolate, black currant, rose hip, singed cedar, almond brittle in aroma and cup. Crisply sweet-tart structure; delicate, syrupy mouthfeel. The richly drying finish centers around tart floral notes and baker's chocolate.
Delicate, quietly sweet-toned. Roasted cacao nib, red grape, fresh-cut fir, lemon zest, gardenia-like flowers in aroma and cup. Gentle, rounded structure; crisp, satiny mouthfeel. The finish consolidates to notes of lemon zest and gardenia with a hint of fresh-cut fir.
Nuanced, multi-layered, richly sweet. Lavender, roasted cacao nib, salted caramel, sweet aromatic mushroom, a moist foresty hint in aroma and cup. Deeply sweet-savory in structure with bright, juicy acidity; plush, velvety mouthfeel. The finish is resonant and flavor-saturated, fulfilling the promise of the cup well into the long.
Deeply sweet, spice-toned. Vanilla, white peppercorn, date, moist pipe tobacco, almond in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned in structure with gentle acidity; crisp, satiny mouthfeel. The gently drying finish consolidates to notes of almond and white peppercorn.
High-toned, crisply sweet. Maple syrup, orange zest, honeysuckle-like flowers, cedar, almond butter in aroma and cup. Sweetly and roundly tart structure; full, satiny mouthfeel. The richly drying finish is redolent of honeysuckle and orange zest in the short, rounding to buttery nut suggestions in the long.
Richly sweet-savory, spice-toned. Black currant, roasted cacao nib, freesia-like flowers, almond, molasses in aroma and cup. Sweet-savory in structure with crisply bright acidity; velvety mouthfeel. The quietly nuanced finish centers around black currant and freesia tones in the short, molasses and almond in the long.
 Briskly sweet-tart, fruit-forward. Dark chocolate, maraschino cherry, pipe tobacco, caramel, almond in aroma and cup. Bittersweet instructure with gentle, rounded acidity; full, syrupy mouthfeel. The drying, cocoa-toned finish leads with dark chocolate in the short with maraschino cherry resurfacing in the long. 
Richly sweet, spice-toned. Ripe banana, roasted cacao nib, elm, freesia-like flowers, roasted cashew in aroma and cup. Roundly sweet-tart structure; lightly velvety mouthfeel. The crisp, richly drying finish consolidates around notes of cashew, cacao nib and a hint of spicy florals.
Delicate, chocolate-toned. Dark chocolate, hazelnut, raisin, hints of lily and oak in aroma and cup. Balanced, sweet-toned structure; satiny-smooth mouthfeel. The long finish is quietly flavor-saturated.
Delicate, sweet-toned, softly bright and balanced. Caramel, vanilla bean, cedar, almond, candied lemon zest in aroma and cup. Gently brisk in structure, light in mouthfeel. Sweet citrus framed by aromatic cedar carry into a short but pleasing finish.
Deeply and sweetly pungent, juicy. Black currant, orange zest, cocoa, lavender, oak in aroma and cup. Sweetly and gently tart in structure, gently savory-edged. Light but silky, lively mouthfeel. Quietly rich finish: orange zest and lavender. 
 Round, balanced, with a quiet but deeply layered complexity. Blackberry, cocoa, pear, lavender, roasted macadamia in aroma and cup. Sweetly and roundly bright in structure; plush and lightly syrupy in mouthfeel. A richly resonant finish consolidates around cocoa, lavender and pear.
Delicate, sweetly bright and gently lemony. Ripe lemon zest, fresh-cut cedar, carnation, roasted cashew, cocoa in aroma and cup. Roundly and lightly sweet-tart in structure; satiny in mouthfeel. Quietly resonant in the finish: flowers and cedar. 
Crisply sweet, delicate yet opulent. Cocoa powder, lilac-like flowers, roasted cashew, blueberry, sandalwood in aroma and cup. Sweetly and gently tart in structure; vibrant. In mouthfeel soft, lightly plush. Lilac and cocoa in particular carry into a rich though rather dry and woody finish.
Evaluated as espresso. Intricate, layered, richly sweet. Narcissus, dark chocolate, singed cedar, black truffle, ripe papaya in aroma and small cup. Lively, syrupy body. Floral, sweet-savory finish, with notes of dark chocolate throughout, supported by narcissus and black truffle. In three parts milk, the chocolate and floral notes are both rounded and enlivened.
Delicately sweet, richly savory. Red currant, butterscotch, fresh-cut cedar, tamarind, lantana-like floral notes in aroma and cup. Bright, sweet-tart structure with lively acidity; syrupy-smooth mouthfeel. The short finish is flavor-saturated, consolidating in the long to notes of red currant and butterscotch.
Rich-toned, fruit-forward. Strawberry, baker’s chocolate, honeysuckle-like flowers, almond, frankincense in aroma and cup. Bittersweet structure with brisk acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel. The short finish is centered around berry and floral notes, while cocoa-toned almond with a hint of frankincense characterizes the long.
Sweetly earth-toned, spice-forward. Aromatic orchid, moist fresh-fallen leaves, cashew, cinnamon. Bing cherry in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart-structure with crisp acidity; plush, full mouthfeel. The finish is resonant and richly drying, with leading notes of aromatic orchid and cherry in the short and oak and cinnamon in the long.
Evaluated as espresso. Floral-toned, deeply sweet. Lilac, toffee, black cherry, cedar, orange zest in aroma and small cup. Crisp, satiny mouthfeel; gently drying finish carried by notes of toffee and lilac in the short, orange zest and cedar in the long. Especially floral-driven in cappucino-scaled milk, with the rich toffee notes also amplified.
Deeply rich, sweet-savory. Rhododendron, mango, almond brittle, thyme, oak in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned, savory structure; full, satiny mouthfeel. The gently drying finish consolidates to notes of oak and almond, with a hint of sweet herb suggesting thyme.
High-toned, spice-forward, richly sweet. Nougat, lavender, dried apricot, cedar, a hint of cumin in aroma and cup. Balanced, sweetly tart structure with vibrant, juicy acidity; crisp, satiny mouthfeel. The finish is sweet though rather short, with gently drying notes of sweet hazelnut and nougat and a hint of rich aromatic wood.
Crisply sweet-toned. Caramel, fig, oak, narcissus-like flowers, almond in aroma and cup. Balanced, sweet structure with brisk acidity; full, syrupy mouthfeel. The short finish resonates with sweet floral and rich fruit notes, while the long consolidates to almond and oak.
Brightly sweet with a savory depth. Lemon verbena, roasted cacao nib, rhododendron, date, cedar in aroma and cup. Quietly sweet-tart structure; delicate, silky mouthfeel. The finish is richly drying, consolidating around cacao nib and lemon verbena.
Balanced, sweetly savory. Lime zest, toffee, fresh-cut fir, cashew, lilac-like flowers  in aroma and cup. Quietly sweet-tart structure; full, velvety mouthfeel. Lime zest and toffee carry the finish.
Crisply sweet, spice-toned. Brown sugar, baked apple, lemon zest, cayenne, fresh-cut pine in aroma and cup. Bittersweet structure; delicate, satiny mouthfeel. The richly drying finish is characterized by notes of baked apple in the short and bittersweet citrus zest with a hint of warming spice in the long.
Richly sweet, crisply tart. Butterscotch, lemon zest, peach, honey, fresh-cut cedar in aroma and cup. Balanced, delicately sweet-tart structure with vibrant acidity; crisp, satiny mouthfeel. The flavor-saturated finish consolidates to notes of butterscotch and lemon zest, with a hint of cedar.
Fruit-toned, vibrantly sweet. Dark chocolate, raspberry, agave syrup, oak wine barrel, freesia-like flowers in aroma and cup. Richly sweet-toned in structure, with lively acidity. Crisp, velvety mouthfeel. The resonant finish consolidates to notes of raspberry and freesia with a hint of sweet ferment.
Richly sweet, spice-toned. Baker’s chocolate, cinnamon, banana, cashew, citrusy lantana flowers in aroma and cup. Bittersweet in structure, with juicy acidity; velvety-smooth mouthfeel. Notes of baker’s chocolate and banana are sweetly resonant in the short finish, spice-toned florals resurface in the long.
Rich-toned, balanced, deeply sweet. Apricot, dark chocolate, hazelnut, citrusy lantana flowers, cinnamon in aroma and cup. Crisply sweet in structure with lively acidity; lightly syrupy mouthfeel. Notes of sweet-tart stone fruit carry into the long finish, supported by dark chocolate and a hint of cinnamon-like spice.
Crisp, bright, richly sweet-savory. Wild honey, black cherry, lemon verbena, hazelnut, rhododendron-like flowers in aroma and cup. Balanced, vivid structure with sweetly tart, juicy acidity; buoyant, silky mouthfeel. Resonant and rich in the finish, where cocoa also surfaces, alongside notes of wild honey and black cherry in the short and vanilla-like florals in the long.
Sweetly roast-rounded, richly savory. Dark caramel, pipe tobacco, date, almond, hops in aroma and cup. Sweet-savory in structure with rounded acidity; plump, syrupy mouthfeel. The finish leads with notes of date and pipe tobacco in the short, with almond and hops returning in the long. 
Elegant, intricately rich. Lemon verbena, raw honey, mango, star jasmine, roasted cacao nib in aroma and cup. Vibrantly sweet-tart in structure with juicy acidity; syrupy mouthfeel. The crisp, cocoa-toned finish consolidates to notes of lemon verbena and jasmine. 
Rich-toned, deeply and sweetly earthy. Chocolate fudge, white sage, blackberry, perique pipe tobacco, plumeria-like flowers in aroma and cup. Balanced, sweet-savory structure with vibrant, juicy acidity; delicate, satiny mouthfeel. The resonant, flavor-saturated finish displays notes of blackberry and tobacco in the short, plumeria and sage in the long, and deep chocolate throughout. 
Evaluated as espresso. Deeply sweet, richly tart. Lilac, cocoa powder, watermelon candy, grapefruit zest, cedar in aroma and small cup. Crisp, velvety mouthfeel; resonant, long finish that opens with watermelon and concludes with pink grapefruit zest, with cocoa and lilac ranged between. In three parts milk, nicely balanced cocoa and floral tones.
Richly sweet, roast-toned. Dried black cherry, vanilla, singed mesquite, baker’s chocolate, nutmeg in aroma and cup. Bittersweet structure with round, gentle acidity; velvety mouthfeel. The resonant finish leads with notes of black cherry and nutmeg in the short, rounding to vanilla-toned chocolate in the long, all supported by an inviting undercurrent of smoky aromatic wood notes.
Spicy, earth-toned, lightly roasty. Dark chocolate, fresh-turned earth, gently scorched oak, pipe tobacco, hints of peppercorn and sweet flowers in aroma and cup. Vibrantly sweet-savory in structure. Plush, velvety mouthfeel. Chocolate in particular carries into a round, resonant finish, complicated by continued hints of tobacco, earth and flowers.
Fruit-toned, engagingly complex. Mulberry, musk, cocoa, freesia-like flowers, elderflower liqueur in aroma and cup. Balanced in structure (sweet, tart, savory); plush, lively mouthfeel. The resonant finish leads with fruit (think berry medley) in the short, while the long is characterized by spice-toned florals and a hint of sweet ferment.
Evaluated as espresso. Richly sweet, floral-toned. Magnolia, baker’s chocolate, salted cashew, marjoram, black cherry in aroma and small cup. Crisp yet velvety mouthfeel; dry, sweetly savory (herbaceous) finish. In three parts milk, bittersweet cocoa tones predominate, supported by ripe black cherry and salted cashew.
Evaluated as espresso. Richly sweet, caramelly. Orange zest, dark caramel, fir, raisin, freesia in aroma and small cup. Full, satiny mouthfeel; wood-framed, caramel- and fruit-toned finish. In three parts milk, raisin and caramel notes are foregrounded, with spice-toned, freesia-like flowers underneath.
Evaluated as espresso. Crisply sweet, lively, chocolate-toned. Dark chocolate, peach, blood orange zest, wisteria, almond brittle in aroma and small cup. Crisp, satiny mouthfeel; gently drying, chocolaty finish. In three parts milk, notes of wisteria and peach are elevated, with almond brittle resurfacing in the long. 
A ready-to-drink bottled black coffee tested over ice. Crisp, rich, caramel-toned. Caramel, lemon zest, date, hazelnut, oak. Balanced structure with briskly sweet acidity; feathery-smooth mouthfeel. The finish is deeply sweet, richly caramelly, with hints of lemon zest and hazelnut. The addition of whole milk elevates caramel, already front and center, to dessert-like dominance.
Evaluated as espresso. Crisply sweet, spice-toned. Roasted cashew, gardenia, apricot, cardamom, baker’s chocolate in aroma and small cup. Satiny mouthfeel; richly layered finish with notes of chocolate and faintly smoky aromatic wood. Crisply and persuasively chocolaty in three parts milk.
Evaluated as espresso. Richly floral, spice-toned. Lavender, baker’s chocolate, dried strawberry, sandalwood, lemon zest in aroma and small cup. Full, syrupy mouthfeel; dry, fruit-toned finish with hints of sandalwood. In three parts milk, chocolate notes turn toward sweet caramel and the spicy floral and dried berry notes amplify. 
Evaluated as espresso. Bright, richly sweet, fruit- and cocoa-toned. Pomegranate, dark chocolate, narcissus, hazelnut, vanilla in aroma and small cup. Plush, creamy mouthfeel; sweetly tart finish with notes of pomegranate and hazelnut. Resonant and flavor-saturated in three parts milk; chocolate and tart fruit lead, with narcissus-like flowers ringing into the long finish.
Evaluated as espresso. Bright, floral, spice-toned. Spearmint, black cherry, cedar, tangerine zest, plumeria-like flowers in aroma and small cup. Plush and buttery in mouthfeel. Flavor consolidates to cocoa-toned citrus in a resonant finish. In three parts milk, an elegant cocoa surfaces, with supporting notes of sweet flowers and a hint of pungent cedar.
Evaluated as espresso. Delicate, lively, chocolate-toned. Dark chocolate, macadamia nut, date, cedar, honeysuckle in aroma and small cup. Crisp, velvety mouthfeel; clean, richly drying finish with notes of date and cedar. Balanced in three parts milk, with notes of dark chocolate supported by rich aromatic wood.
Evaluated as espresso. Rose-like flowers, chocolate fudge, cannabis flower, black cherry, fresh-cut cedar in aroma and small cup. Syrupy, vibrant mouthfeel; richly drying, sweet-savory finish. This coffee levitates in three parts milk, with rich notes of rose-like flowers ensconced in deep chocolate and a cannabis-like muskiness.
Evaluated as espresso. Lush, complex, richly sweet-savory. Peach, fine musk, cocoa powder, freesia-like flowers, pungent frankincense in aroma and small cup. Plump, syrupy mouthfeel; clean, crisp, cocoa-toned finish. The cocoa notes from the small cup bloom into dark chocolate in cappuccino-scaled milk, nicely complicated by flowers and frankincense.
Evaluated as espresso. Apricot, lychee, sandalwood, cashew butter, honeysuckle in aroma and small cup. Creamy-smooth mouthfeel; rich finish that surfaces herb notes suggesting marjoram, along with lychee and apricot. In three parts milk, this coffee is fruit-driven, its tartness tempered by honeysuckle and sandalwood notes.
Evaluated as espresso. Deeply rich, crisply sweet, fruit- and chocolate-toned. Dried mango, chocolate fudge, narcissus-like flowers, roasted almond, fresh-cut cedar in aroma and small cup. Lively, silky smooth mouthfeel; resonant, flavor-saturated finish. The chocolate-forward presentation in three parts milk is nuanced by notes of mango and fresh-cut cedar.
Evaluated as espresso. Vibrant and engaging; richly sweet-tart. Pomegranate, dark chocolate, blood orange zest, narcissus, sandalwood in aroma and small cup. Plush, syrupy mouthfeel; crisp, resonant finish. In three parts milk, both chocolate and floral tones bloom, supported by hints of spicy citrus zest and aromatic wood notes.
Sweetly and gently tart. Lavender, brown sugar, lemon zest, honeydew melon, fresh pipe tobacco in aroma and cup. Delicately sweet-tart and juicy in structure; lightly syrupy in mouthfeel. Flavor consolidates but rings on in a resonant finish.
Sweet yet zesty, vivacious. Honey, peach, ripe lime zest, black tea, a hint of parsley in aroma and cup. Sweetly brisk, lively in structure; light but satiny mouthfeel. Flavor consolidates around floral honey and peach in a crisply sweet-toned finish.
Crisp, deeply resonant, classic. Dried rose and lavender, cherry, roasted pistachio, a hint of marjoram in aroma and cup. The structure is sweet-tart with a savory bottom; syrupy and full in mouthfeel. Pistachio and flowers carry into a long, deep, perfumy finish.
Deeply pungent and richly sweet. Lavender, baker’s chocolate, oak, ripe fig, a hint of ginger in aroma and cup. Roundly sweet-tart and juicy in structure; full and satiny in mouthfeel. Baker’s chocolate carries distinctly and pleasingly into an otherwise short finish.  
Richly low-toned, gently zesty. Cedar, baker’s chocolate, grapefruit zest, apple, a hint of magnolia-like flowers in aroma and cup. Sweetly and quietly tart in structure, with a brisk edge. Plump mouthfeel. Flavor consolidates in a sweet, though rather drying, finish.
Spice-toned, richly sweet, deeply savory. White peach, fine musk, freesia, almond, myrrh in aroma and cup. Delicate, sweet-savory structure, with bright, juicy acidity. The resonant, richly drying finish leads with white peach and musk in the short, rounding to notes of sweet almond with a hint of myrrh in the long.
Balanced, richly sweet-savory. Lemon verbena, roasted cacao nib, date, honeysuckle, cinnamon in aroma and cup. Crisply sweet in structure, with brisk acidity; velvety mouthfeel. The sweetly herbaceous finish consolidates to notes of lemon verbena and cocoa-toned cinnamon. 
Sweetly savory, chocolate-toned. Baker’s chocolate, singed cedar, gardenia, plum, molasses in aroma and cup. Crisply sweet-savory structure; delicate, satiny mouthfeel. The richly drying finish centers around baker’s chocolate and pleasantly smoky aromatic wood notes.
Richly sweet, balanced, intricately layered. Frankincense, almond nougat, honeysuckle, dried black cherry, roasted cacao nib in aroma and cup. Balanced, sweet-savory structure with juicy acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel. The resonant, cocoa-toned finish is supported by notes of dried black cherry and honeysuckle.
Delicately rich, crisply sweet. Star jasmine, lemon zest, peach, sandalwood, almond in aroma and cup. Roundly and sweetly tart in structure; lightly silky in mouthfeel. Lemon, peach and sandalwood in particular carry into a long finish, deeply layered finish. 
Crisp, sweetly pungent, deep. Dark chocolate, apricot, fresh-cut cedar, narcissus-like flowers, hazelnut in aroma and cup. Brisk but sweet in structure; delicate, silky mouthfeel. Long, flavor-saturated finish consolidates around apricot and flowers. 
Richly floral- and berry-toned, impeccably balanced. Violet, blackberry, honey, clove, salted chocolate in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with rounded, lively acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel. The finish leads with notes of violet and blackberry in the short, modulating to salted chocolate in the long.
Richly sweet, floral-toned. Narcissus-like flowers, almond, maple syrup, apricot, myrrh in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart in structure, with bright, juicy acidity; delicate, silky mouthfeel. The richly drying finish is resonant with notes of amond and myrrh.
Sweetly spice-toned. Mexican chocolate (chocolate and cinnamon), roasted almond, magnolia-like flowers, gently scorched oak, dried plum in aroma and cup. Sweet-savory structure with gentle, rounded acidity; lightly syrupy mouthfeel. The richly drying finish consolidates to notes of Mexican chocolate and magnolia, with suggestions of smoky aromatic wood.
Evaluated as espresso. Sweetly and deeply tart, floral and chocolaty. Passion fruit, dark chocolate, cedar, lilac, myrrh in aroma and small cup. Syrupy though rather dry in the mouthfeel; richly tart in the finish. Remains bright in three parts milk: chocolate, cedar and flowers.
Evaluated as espresso produced as a ristretto 25ml (.85-ounce) shot using a Nespresso capsule espresso brewer with whole milk heated using a conventional steam wand. Sweetly bright, intricate, original. Peach, sandalwood, lemon tart, baker’s chocolate, rhododendron-like flowers in aroma and small cup. Delicately plump in mouthfeel; long, resonant, peach- and lemon-saturated finish. Remains crisply tart in three parts milk, with flavor consolidating around a subtle, elegant dry chocolate.  
Delicate, richly aromatic, sweetly tart. Lavender, strawberry, roasted cacao nib, lemon zest, sandalwood in aroma and cup. Balanced, sweetly tart in structure with bright, vibrant acidity; silky-smooth mouthfeel. The crisp, cocoa-toned finish is redolent of lavender and strawberry in the short, lemon zest and sandalwood in the long, all supported by cocoa tones throughout. 
Spice-toned, richly sweet. Honeysuckle, pistachio, baking spices, apricot, molasses in aroma and cup. Sweet-savory in structure with balanced, lively acidity; plump, syrupy mouthfeel. The resonant finish leads with notes of apricot and honeysuckle in the short, rounding to spice-toned pistachio in the long.
Evaluated as espresso. Crisply sweet, richly floral-toned. Lavender, dark chocolate, red currant, almond butter, pink grapefruit zest in aroma and small cup. Delicate, viscous mouthfeel; richly drying finish centers around notes of tart fruit, dark chocolate and bittersweet, lavender-like flowers. Chocolaty and floral in three parts milk, with ongoing tart-fruit notes as well.
Evaluated as espresso. Richly fruit-toned, balanced. Blackberry, baker's chocolate, hazelnut butter, honey, oak in aroma and small cup. Satiny-smooth mouthfeel; crisp, resonant finish. In cappuccino-scaled milk, chocolate tones are foregrounded, supported by berry and hazelnut.
Crisp, delicate, sweetly herbaceous. Roasted cacao nib, lemon verbena, almond brittle, date, freesia-like flowers in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart structure with bright, citrusy acidity; delicate, silky mouthfeel. The resonant finish is crisply sweet and richly drying, with notes of lemon verbena and cocoa nib.
Balanced, richly sweet. Black cherry, molasses, cedar, baker's chocolate, lily-like flowers in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart structure with brisk acidity; crisp, velvety mouthfeel. Notes of baker's chocolate and molasses frame the short finish, while cedar and lily re-emerge in the gently drying long.
Evaluated as espresso. Fruit-toned, chocolaty. Black cherry, brandy, dark chocolate, sandalwood, lavender in aroma and small cup. Crisp, silky mouthfeel; spice-toned finish, redolent of sandalwood. A hint of sweet, brandy-like ferment lingers in three parts milk, supported by deep chocolate notes and spicy aromatic wood.
Evaluated as espresso. Fruit-toned, crisply sweet-tart. Ripe strawberry, dark chocolate, pink grapefruit zest, salted caramel, a hint of grapey spirits (think grappa barrel) in aroma and small cup. Velvety-smooth mouthfeel; resonant, long, fruit-toned finish with a continued  suggestion of grappa barrel. In three parts milk, richly sweet with notes of salted caramel and dark chocolate and a hint of berryish fruit.
Bright, crisply sweet-savory. Black currant, honeysuckle, ripe tomato, spearmint, cedar in aroma and cup. Equal parts sweet, savory and tart in structure with lively acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel. Notes of black currant and honeysuckle carry the resonant, flavor-saturated finish.
Sweet-toned, richly savory. Baker’s chocolate, hazelnut butter, narcissus, date, fresh-cut fir in aroma and cup. Sweet-savory structure with rounded, gentle acidity; satiny-smooth mouthfeel. The finish consolidates to baker’s chocolate and aromatic wood notes, with a hint of narcissus-like flowers. 
Evaluated as espresso. Elegantly fruit-toned and floral. Dried apricot, lychee, sandalwood, cashew butter, honeysuckle in aroma and small cup. Plush, creamy mouthfeel; rich, resonant finish driven predominantly by notes of dried apricot and sandalwood. In three parts milk, an intriguing marjoram-like note surfaces, along with notes of deep fruit, aromatic wood, and a distinct sweet floral.
Sweet, deeply and complexly fruit-toned. Very ripe strawberry, pineapple guava, dark chocolate, distinct lavender-like flowers, aromatic cedar in aroma and cup. Roundly sweet in structure, with a gentle and pleasing bitter edge. Full, plush mouthfeel. Lavender and chocolate dominate in a faintly and pleasantly spirits-tinged finish.
Evaluated as espresso. Chocolaty, floral-toned. Plumeria, baker’s chocolate, tangerine zest, fresh-cut cedar, tamarind in aroma and small cup. Crisp, syrupy mouthfeel; sweetly tart finish with notes of tamarind and baker’s chocolate. In three parts milk, rich chocolate tones provide ballast for tart tamarind, and plumeria notes elevate the whole with pervasive sweetness.
Evaluated as espresso. High-toned, richly sweet. Narcissus, dark chocolate, dried apricot, roasted hazelnut, pink grapefruit zest in aroma and small cup. Crisp, lively mouthfeel; resonant finish that consolidates to pink grapefruit zest and narcissus. In cappuccino-scaled milk, dark chocolate blooms in harmony with deep florals and hints of dried stone fruit.
Sweetly pungent, chocolate-toned. Baker’s chocolate, dried cherry, magnolia-like flowers, cedar, hazelnut in aroma and small cup. Sweet-toned in structure with gentle, rounded acidity; velvety mouthfeel. The finish leads with notes of magnolia and cherry in the short, and cedar and hazelnut in the gently drying long, with good chocolate throughout.
Richly sweet-savory. Black currant, baker’s chocolate, fine musk, oak, magnolia in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart-savory in structure with juicy, buoyant acidity; satiny-smooth mouthfeel. The finish consolidates to notes of baker’s chocolate and black currant with a hint of fine musk.
Bright, rich-toned, deeply sweet. Tangerine zest, almond paste, lemon verbena, honeysuckle, apricot in aroma and cup. Sweetly herbaceous in structure with juicy, bright acidity; crisp, satiny mouthfeel. The citrusy finish is carried by notes of tangerine zest and lemon verbena.
Fruit-forward, richly sweet. Dried blueberry, ginger, hibiscus, cedar, honey in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned in structure with round, gentle acidity; full, viscous mouthfeel. Quiet finish with lingering notes of blueberry and cocoa nib.
Richly fruit-toned, deeply sweet. Dried raspberry, dark chocolate, cedar, freesia, honey in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart in structure, with lively acidity; full, syrupy mouthfeel. The resonant finish consolidate to notes of dried berries and dark chocolate, with undercurrents of fresh-cut aromatic wood.
Intricate, richly sweet. Lemon verbena, raspberry, roasted cacao nib, maple syrup, jasmine in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart structure with crisp acidity; full, syrupy mouthfeel. The flavor-saturated finish centers around lemon verbena and maple syrup.
Crisp, sweetly nut-toned. Almond brittle, lilac, black cherry, fresh-cut fir, agave syrup in aroma and cup. Deeply sweet in structure with brisk acidity; velvety-smooth mouthfeel. Crisp and sweet in the finish, centered around notes of black cherry and almond.
Crisply sweet-savory. Coconut, hibiscus, star anise, roasted cacao nib, cedar in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart in structure with bright acidity; delicate, silky mouthfeel. The finish centers around notes of coconut and hibiscus in the short with a hint of star anise in the long.
Delicately sweet-savory. Lemon verbena, pink peppercorn, dried papaya, honeysuckle, baker’s chocolate in aroma and cup. The structure nicely balances sweet and savory; satiny-smooth mouthfeel. The herb-toned finish leads with notes of lemon verbena and papaya with baker’s chocolate as a throughline.
Deeply sweet, spice-toned. Red currant, tangerine zest, roasted cacao nib, honey, narcissus-like flowers in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with lively, bright acidity; velvety-smooth mouthfeel. The long, flavor-saturated finish consolidates to cocoa nib and tangerine zest, with lingering notes of narcissus.
Rich-toned, sweetly savory. Dark chocolate, honeysuckle, apricot, pink grapefruit zest, cedar in aroma and cup. Savory-sweet in structure with gentle, rounded acidity; full, satiny mouthfeel. The finish resonates with notes of chocolate-toned apricot and cedar.
Delicate, intricate, richly sweet. Dried jasmine, mango chutney, myrrh, baker’s chocolate, bergamot in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart structure with lively acidity; delicate, satiny mouthfeel. Tart-leaning, rich-toned finish, characterized by notes of mango chutney and baker’s chocolate.
Richly sweet, spice-toned. Black currant, blood orange zest, roasted cacao nib, freesia-like flowers, sugar cane in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart in structure with juicy, bright acidity; full, syrupy mouthfeel. The crisp, resonant finish consolidates to cocoa-toned black currant and freesia.
Richly sweet, robust. Peach, cedar, molasses, gardenia, Brazil nut in aroma and cup. Quietly sweet-tart in structure; creamy mouthfeel. The finish leads with notes of peach and Brazil nut with a cedar throughline.
Evaluated as espresso. Richly sweet, balanced, floral-toned. Dried jasmine, Concord grape, fine musk, mango, tangerine zest in aroma and small cup. Lively, silky-smooth mouthfeel; resonant, flavor-saturated finish. In cappuccino-scaled milk, jasmine and mango notes are further amplified, deepened by pungent musk underneath.
Deeply rich, crisply sweet-tart. Apricot, pink grapefruit zest, malt, dark chocolate, orange blossom in aroma and cup. Sweet-savory in structure with juicy acidity; satiny-smooth mouthfeel. The nuanced finish leads with notes of apricot and orange blossom in the short, rounding to malt-toned chocolate in the long.
Cocoa-toned, deeply sweet-savory. Dark chocolate, mulberry, dried mushroom, lily- and rhododendron-like floral notes in aroma and cup. Sweetly savory structure with round, gentle acidity; delicate, silky mouthfeel. The finish centers around notes of dark chocolate and vanilla-like florals with an umami undercurrent akin to dried mushroom.
Deeply rich, sweet-savory, nuanced and layered. Dried mango, scent of fresh cigar, lemon verbena, pink grapefruit zest, wisteria-like flowers in aroma and cup. Balanced, sweetly savory structure with a crisp yet syrupy mouthfeel. The resonant finish maintains all of the complexity of the cup. 
Delicate, crisply sweet-tart. Lime zest, baker’s chocolate, plum, fresh-cut fir, a hint of apple brandy in aroma and cup. Richly bittersweet structure with brisk acidity; full, satiny mouthfeel. The finish consolidates to notes of lime zest and aromatic wood, with a whisper of fruit-toned sweet ferment.
Elegant, intensely sweet-tart, resonantly floral-toned. Passionflower, lemon drop, roasted cacao nib, apricot, tamarind in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with bright, juicy acidity; silky, viscous mouthfeel. The finish is resonant with all the flavor notes promised by the cup, leading with apricot and tamarind in the short, cocoa nib in the long, and sweet florals throughout.
Boldy sweet-tart, savory-edged. Dark chocolate, gooseberry, honey, lilac, hazelnut butter in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart structure with bright, juicy acidity; crisp, lively mouthfeel. The resonant finish leads with tart fruit notes in the short resolving to honey-toned florals in the long, all enveloped in dark chocolate.
Spiced toned, richly sweet. Red currant, almond nougat, pipe tobacco, narcissus-like flowers, hickory wood in aroma and cup. In structure, sweet, tart and savory in balance, with juicy acidity; full, velvety-smooth mouthfeel. The finish is crisp, resonant and flavor-saturated. 
Delicate, richly sweet-savory. Toffee, tamarind, roasted cacao nib, star jasmine, almond in aroma and cup. Savory-sweet in structure with balanced, round acidity; plush syrupy mouthfeel. The crisply sweet finish is floral-toned, supported by notes of cocoa nib and toffee.
Rich-toned, cleanly fruit-forward, intricately balanced. Concord grape, pungent myrrh, roasted cacao nib, honeysuckle, candy cap mushroom in aroma and cup. Deeply sweet-tart structure with bright, juicy acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel. The resonant, flavor-saturated finish rings on with all of the notes from the cup.
Deeply sweet, richly savory. Red currant, lavender, baker’s chocolate, cedar, maple syrup in aroma and cup. Bittersweet structure with crisp, lively acidity; full, creamy mouthfeel. The finish leads with notes of red currant and baker’s chocolate in the short, with pretty hints of lavender in the long.
Crisply sweet, richly cocoa-toned. Dark chocolate, hop flowers, apricot, oak, agave syrup in aroma and cup. Deeply sweet in structure with high-toned, lively acidity; satiny-smooth mouthfeel. The resonant finish is crisp with cocoa and apricot notes, followed by a hint of bittersweet hop flowers.
Crisply sweet, fruit-toned. Raspberry, roasted cacao nib, honey, fresh-cut fir, freesia-like flowers in aroma and cup. Richly sweet-tart in structure with vibrant acidity; delicate, silky mouthfeel. The long, lasting finish centers around cocoa-toned honey and freesia.
Sweet-toned, richly savory. Dried fig, ginseng, narcissus, oak forest, hazelnut in aroma and cup. Savory-sweet structure with round, gentle acidity; plush syrupy mouthfeel. The finish consolidates to notes of dried fig and narcissus, followed by sweetly earthy ginseng.
Sweetly roast-toned, richly chocolaty. Dark chocolate, dried apricot, fine musk, fresh-cut fir, azalea in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned structure with gentle, round acidity; full, syrupy mouthfeel. The resonant finish consolidates to notes of chocolate and dried apricot.
Vibrant, high-toned, deeply sweet. Candied violet, pomegranate, sandalwood, honey, almond in aroma and cup. Richly sweet structure with bright, citrusy acidity; satiny mouthfeel. Sweetly tart in the short finish and redolent of honey and pomegranate in the long.
Crisply sweet-tart, engagingly bright. Tangerine zest, baker’s chocolate, tamarind, orange blossom, molasses in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with brisk acidity; velvety-smooth mouthfeel. Floral in the short finish, followed by notes of baker’s chocolate and citrus zest in the long.
Richly chocolaty and fruit-toned. Dark chocolate, dried berries, mesquite, orange zest, narcissus-like flowers in aroma and cup. Deeply sweet structure with balanced acidity; velvety-smooth mouthfeel. The finish is redolent of dark chocolate and dried berries with a hint of mesquite.
Rich sweet, floral and chocolaty. Magnolia, dark chocolate, date, cedar, pink grapefruit zest in aroma and cup. Crisp, sweet structure with balanced acidity; smooth, satiny mouthfeel. The quiet finish consolidates to magnolia and date in the short, cedar and dark chocolate in the long.
Balanced, rich-toned, crisply sweet. Baker’s chocolate, plum, hazelnut, maple syrup, wisteria in aroma and cup. Deeply sweet structure with lively acidity; viscous, lightly syrupy mouthfeel. The richly drying finish is cocoa-laden, with supporting notes of stone fruit and nuts.
Evaluated as espresso. Balanced, rich-toned, floral. Jasmine, vanilla, pink grapefruit zest, cedar, dark chocolate in aroma and small cup. Delicate, lively mouthfeel; long, flavor-saturated finish. In cappuccino-scaled milk, notes of jasmine and vanilla take center stage, supported by dark chocolate. 
Evaluated as espresso. Deeply and richly sweet-savory. Blackberry, roasted cacao nib, tamarind, sandalwood, pistachio in aroma and small cup. Crisp but velvety-smooth mouthfeel; rich, resonant, flavor-laden finish. Berry and cocoa notes lead in cappuccino-scaled milk, followed by an intriguing hint of sandalwood.
Crisp, richly sweet. Baker’s chocolate, mango, fresh humus, maple syrup, narcissus-like flowers in aroma and cup. Sweet in structure with round, gentle acidity; full, syrupy mouthfeel. Notes of cocoa-toned mango lead the short finish, with fresh humus in the long.
Evaluated as espresso. Deep, richly chocolaty, sweetly tart. Dark chocolate, peach, candied almond, tangerine zest, magnolia-like flowers in aroma and small cup. Plush, satiny mouthfeel; resonant, long, bittersweet finish. In three parts milk, chocolate and magnolia-like flowers round and amplify.
Deeply sweet-savory, energetic. Black currant, roasted cacao nib, star jasmine, almond butter, frankincense in aroma and cup. Richly sweet in structure with savory undertones and bright, lyrical acidity; full, creamy mouthfeel. Flavor-laden finish maintains the integrity of the cup well into the long.
Richly sweet-tart, floral-toned. Honeysuckle, mango, sandalwood, maple syrup, almond brittle in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart structure with juicy, high-toned acidity; full, syrupy mouthfeel. The resonant, flavor-saturated finish retains all of the nuance and flavor notes of the cup.
Evaluated as espresso. Richly sweet, chocolate-toned. Magnolia, chocolate fudge, hazelnut, gently scorched cedar, banana in aroma and small cup. Velvety mouthfeel; cocoa-toned, floral finish. Both flowers and cocoa carry expressively into cappuccino-scaled milk.
Crisp, sweetly pungent. Honeysuckle, pomegranate, maple syrup, orange zest, cedar in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart in structure with juicy, bright acidity; velvety mouthfeel. The finish consolidates to notes of pomegranate and cedar with hints of honeysuckle-like florals.
Crisply sweet, balanced. Baker’s chocolate, apricot, magnolia, cedar, almond in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart in structure with brisk acidity; velvety-smooth mouthfeel. The finish centers around apricot and magnolia in the short, with cedar and baker’s chocolate returning in the long. 
High-toned, crisply sweet. Mango, halvah, fine musk, freesia, dark chocolate in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart structure with bright, juicy acidity; plump, velvety mouthfeel. The lingering, resonant finish carries through on the vivacious, complex promise of the cup.
Roasty-sweet, richly chocolaty. Dark chocolate, gently scorched cedar, gardenia, grapefruit zest, roasted almond in aroma and cup. Briskly bittersweet in structure; satiny-smooth in mouthfeel. Notes of dark chocolate and smoky cedar carry the resonant finish.
Sweetly herbaceous, richly cocoa-toned. Baker’s chocolate, lemon verbena, toffee, allspice, hazelnut in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned structure with brisk acidity; velvety mouthfeel. The finish leads with lemon verbena and toffee in the short, segueing to spice-toned chocolate and hazelnut in the long.
Richly sweet, fruit-toned. Dried apricot, roasted cacao nib, agave syrup, cedar, magnolia in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with gentle, rounded acidity; crisp, satiny-smooth mouthfeel. Finish consolidates to notes of dried apricot and cocoa-toned cedar.
Deeply sweet, cleanly fruit-toned. Watermelon candy, black currant, sandalwood, lantana-like flowers, spice-toned chocolate in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with brisk acidity; lightly velvety mouthfeel. The crisp, flavor-saturated finish is resonantly fruit-toned, complicated by pretty notes of sandalwood.
Vibrant, rich-toned, sweetly-tart. Tart berry, roasted cacao nib, crisp, bittersweet hop flowers, sandalwood, agave syrup in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart structure with engaging, juicy acidity; syrupy-smooth mouthfeel. The savory-leaning finish is driven by hop flowers, with cocoa nib as another throughline supporting the dried fruit and spicy aromatic wood notes.
Crisp, richly sweet. Magnolia, dried persimmon, hazelnut, molasses, cedar in aroma and cup. Sweet in structure with round, gentle acidity; satiny-smooth mouthfeel. The finish is resonant with magnolia, dried persimmon and hazelnut notes. 
Rich, resonant, high-toned. Lychee, lilac, chocolate fudge, frankinense, tamarind in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with juicy, bright acidity; plush, syrupy-smoooth mouthfeel. The lingering finish is flavor-saturated, making good on the promise of the cup’s deep sweetness.
Crisp, elegantly sweet, rich-toned. Dried mango, hazelnut butter, hibiscus, fresh-cut cedar, brown sugar in aroma and cup. Deeply sweet-tart structure with vibrant acidity; viscous, satiny mouthfeel. The finish leads with dried mango and hazelnut in the short, hibiscus and cedar returning in the long.
Evaluated as espresso. Luminous, complexly layered, impossibly rich. Caramelized pineapple, tamarind, star jasmine, chocolate fudge, myrrh in aroma and small cup. Creamy, vivacious mouthfeel; long, flavor-saturated finish. Close to otherworldly in three parts milk: All the notes from the cup harmonize, and new notes surface: suggestions of lychee, pink grapefruit zest, marjoram.
Richly sweet, chocolaty. Dark chocolate, caramel, date, gardenia, cedar in aroma and cup. Deeply sweet structure with round, gentle acidity; velvety mouthfeel. The chocolate-toned finish leads with notes of date and caramel in the short and cedar and gardenia in the long.
Richly sweet, fruit-toned. Strawberry, dark chocolate, sandalwood, freesia-like flowers, a hint of aged grappa in aroma and cup. Deeply sweet structure with brisk acidity; satiny-smooth mouthfeel. The resonant finish leads with notes of strawberry and flowers in the short, rounding to dark chocolate and sandalwood in the long, with a hint of appealing sweet ferment throughout.
Crisply sweet, chocolaty. Baker’s chocolate, plum, magnolia, cedar, molasses in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned structure with gentle, round acidity; satiny-smooth mouthfeel. The gently drying finish is redolent with notes of baker’s chocolate and magnolia, with a hint of cedar-like aromatic wood.
High-toned, crisply sweet. Date, cashew butter, magnolia, grapefruit zest, cedar in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart in structure with brisk acidity; full, velvety mouthfeel. The resonant finish leads with notes of date and magnolia in the short, rounding to cashew butter and grapefruit zest in the long.
Rich, sweet, floral-toned. Honeysuckle, almond, bing cherry, baker’s chocolate, oak in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with round, gentle acidity; satiny-smooth mouthfeel. The gently drying finish consolidates to notes of cherry and baker’s chocolate.
Elegant, complexly sweet, umami-toned. Narcissus, ripe tomato, date, almond butter, cocoa powder in aroma and cup. Sweet-savory in structure with bright, juicy acidity; full, syrupy mouthfeel. The long, resounding finish carries through on the complex promise of the cup. 
Evaluated as espresso. Richly floral-toned, elegant, balanced. Watermelon, pink grapefruit zest, Nutella, sandalwood, tiger lily in aroma and small cup. Syrupy-smooth mouthfeel; long, flavor-saturated finish. Sweet cocoa and hazelnut tones are elevated in three parts milk, with continuing floral resonance.
Complexly layered, deeply sweet-savory. Watermelon, fresh-cut pine, roasted cacao nib, lemon verbena, freesia-like flowers in aroma and cup. Sweet-savory structure with juicy, bright acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel. The resonant finish consolidates to notes of watermelon and cacao nib, supported by rich fresh-cut pine.
Crisply sweet, impressively balanced. Black currant, maple syrup, almond, cedar, lilac-like flowers in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart in structure with juicy, vibrant acidity; velvety-smooth mouthfeel. The finish consolidates to black currant and maple syrup with undercurrents of hazelnut and cedar.
Richly fruit-toned. Ripe blueberry, dark chocolate, oak, agave syrup, rhododendron-like flowers in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned in structure with rounded acidity; full, syrupy mouthfeel. The resonant finish centers around deep blueberry and chocolate notes with a hint of oak.
Crisp, sweetly nut-toned. Hazelnut butter, baker’s chocolate, cherry, cedar, freesia-like flowers in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned in structure with brisk acidity; velvety-smooth mouthfeel. The sweet finish consolidates to an inviting nutty chocolate in the short and spice-toned florals in the long.
Richly sweet, cocoa- and spice-toned. Dark chocolate, gently scorched sandalwood, orange zest, cinnamon, gardenia in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with mild, rounded acidity; satiny mouthfeel. Spice-toned and chocolaty in the finish.
Sweetly roast-toned, chocolaty. Baker’s chocolate, gently scorched cedar, almond, raisin, molasses in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned in structure with gentle acidity; creamy-smooth mouthfeel. The lingering finish leads with notes of raisin and almond in the short, with rich cedar tones in the long and chocolate throughout.
Delicate, vibrant, richly tart. Passionfruit, roasted cacao nib, sandalwood, star jasmine, bergamot zest in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart in structure with juicy, bright acidity; buoyant, silky mouthfeel. The long, flavor-saturated finish is redolent with notes of passionfruit, star jasmine and cacoa nib.
Rich, high-toned, sweetly herbaceous. Lemon verbena, roasted almond, black cherry, narcissus, black peppercorn in aroma and cup. Savory-sweet structure with high-toned, lively acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel. The finish leads with black cherry and narcissus in the short, with notes of almond and peppercorn in the long, and an undercurrent of lemon verbena throughout.
Complex, sweetly tart, spice-toned. Peach, fine musk, toffee, macadamia nut, roasted cacao nib in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with vibrant, juicy acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel. The elegant, lingering finish centers around notes of peach, toffee and fine musk, all cocoa-toned.
Complexly layered with sweet-savory depth. Wisteria, hop flowers, candied grapefruit zest, black cherry, pistachio butter in aroma and cup. Sweetly savory structure with gentle, rounded acidity; viscous, syrupy mouthfeel. The flavor-saturated finish is a mirror of the cup, carrying through on the coffee's savory-sweet resonance.
Delicate, sweetly spice-toned. Salted caramel, black cherry, cinnamon, roasted cashew, clover flower in aroma and cup.  Sweet-savory structure; high-toned, juicy acidity. Fruit-toned finish with hints of cinnamon and clover flower.
Balanced, deeply rich and sweet. Butterscotch, sandalwood, dark chocolate, dried apricot, lantana in aroma and cup. Appealing bittersweet structure with brisk acidity; syrupy-smooth mouthfeel. The finish consolidates to notes of dark chocolate and butterscotch.
Fruit-toned, richly sweet. Raspberry liqueur, sandalwood, roasted cashew, honeysuckle, orange zest in aroma and cup. Deeply sweet in structure with high-toned, juicy acidity; full, satiny-smooth mouthfeel. Notes of cashew and honeysuckle lead in the short finish, with sandalwood and hints of raspberry liqueur in the long.
Crisp, richly sweet-toned. Tamarind, hazelnut, maple syrup, pink peppercorn, narcissus-like flowers in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart structure with gentle acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel. The finish consolidates to notes of tamarind, hazelnut and pink peppercorn.
Delicate, crisply fruit-toned. Concord grape, almond nougat, honeysuckle, bay leaf, roasted cacao nib in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with rounded acidity; full, syrupy mouthfeel. Notes of Concord grape take center stage in the finish, supported by sweet floral and nut tones.
Aromatically subtle, sweetly tart. Pie cherry, roasted cacao nib, pistachio, thyme, freesia-like flowers in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart structure with juicy, vibrant acidity; viscous, syrupy acidity. The finish consolidates to notes of cocoa-toned pie cherry and freesia.
Crisply sweet, rich-toned. Baker's chocolate, Bing cherry, hibiscus, oak, molasses in aroma and cup. Deeply sweet structure with pert acidity; velvety-smooth mouthfeel. Hibiscus and molasses lead the gently drying finish, with chocolate and oak resurfacing in the long.
Rich-toned, resonantly floral. Wisteria, myrrh, almond nougat, lemon curd, dried cherry in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart structure with zesty, bright acidity; full, syrupy mouthfeel. The finish leads with tart lemon curd and cherry notes, followed by deep wisteria with an undercurrent of almond.
Complex, multi-faceted, spice-toned. Dahlia-like flowers, bergamot, almond, vanilla, roasted cacao nib in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart structure with balanced, bright acidity; delicate, silky-smooth mouthfeel. Bergamot and vanilla-toned cocoa carry the quiet, balanced finish.
Balanced, richly sweet, tart and savory. Fine musk, dried hibiscus flowers, perique (fermented) pipe tobacco, candy cap mushroom, apricot in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart-savory structure with punchy acidity; lightly creamy, viscous mouthfeel. The rich-toned finish centers around apricot and umami-redolent notes akin to candy cap mushroom.
Crisply floral and sweetly herb-toned. Dark chocolate, lavender, dried pear, tangerine zest, frankincense in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart in structure with lively, expansive acidity; crisp, syrupy mouthfeel. The finish consolidates to pretty notes of lavender and dark chocolate, with a hint of tangerine zest.
Crisp yet very sweet, delicately intricate. Lavender, lemon zest, apple, walnut, fresh pipe tobacco in aroma and cup. In structure massively sweet, gently tart; light, velvety, lively mouthfeel. Apple, lemon and fresh tobacco notes saturate a quiet, lightly drying finish.  
Big, round, deeply and pungently layered. Fragrant cedar, lavender, baker’s chocolate, Concord grape, a hint of mace in aroma and cup. Bittersweet and rich in structure; fat and plush in mouthfeel with a drying edge. Concord grape and cedar dominate in a continuing pungent but quite sweet finish. 
Crisp, delicately but intricately floral- and spice-toned. Jasmine, walnut, pipe tobacco, sandalwood, ripe peach, a hint of lime zest in aroma and cup. Brisk and vivacious in structure; light, silky mouthfeel. Flavor layers but rings on in a jasmine-toned, gently drying finish.
Crisply delicate yet resonantly deep. Blackberry, tea rose, clover flower, grapefruit zest, musk in aroma and cup. In structure intensely tart yet very sweet, with a slight deepening savory edge. Light and silky in mouthfeel. Superb finish: sweet, flavor-saturated, long, intact in aromatics and structure. 
Delicately sweet-tart, cocoa-toned. Roasted cacao nib, lemon zest, narcissus, mango, frankincense in aroma and cup. Intricately sweet, high-toned, with bright, juicy acidity; lush, syrupy mouthfeel. The richly sweet finish consolidates to cocoa-toned mango supported by notes of frankincense.
Crisply sweet-tart. Apricot, sandalwood, maple syrup, orange zest, freesia-like flowers in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with brisk acidity; satiny-smooth mouthfeel. The finish is quietly flavor-saturated, with lead notes of apricot and sandalwood.
Crisply sweet, balanced. Baker’s chocolate, maple syrup, gardenia, cherry, cedar in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart in structure with brisk acidity; velvety mouthfeel. The finish consolidates to baker’s chocolate and gardenia with hints of cedar.
Evaluated as espresso. Richly sweet, cocoa-toned. Cocoa powder, date, magnolia, molasses, oak in aroma and small cup. Satiny-smooth mouthfeel; resonant, chocolaty finish with notes of magnolia and oak. In three parts milk, floral tones are amplified, and cocoa notes are integrated with roasty-sweet aromatic wood.
Richly sweet, floral-toned. Narcissus, roasted cacao nib, agave syrup, fir, red apple in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned structure with gentle, rounded acidity; smooth, satiny mouthfeel. The gently drying finish centers around roasted cacao nib and narcissus-like floral notes.
Spice-toned, deep, resonant. Dried persimmon, perique (fermented) tobacco, cinnamon, dark chocolate, gardenia-like flowers in aroma and cup. Sweet-savory structure with engagingly citrusy acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel. The finish leads with dried persimmon and dark chocolate, followed by pipe tobacco and cinnamon.
Delicately but pungently floral. Narcissus-like flowers, baker’s chocolate, tart black currant, oak, roasted pistachio in aroma and cup. Crisply sweet and lightly savory in structure; plump and lightly syrupy in mouthfeel. Flowers, cocoa-like chocolate, pistachio in particular carry into a gently drying finish.
Delicate, sweetly tart. Lemon drop, roasted cacao nib, pink peppercorn, almond, orange zest in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with bright, juicy acidity; satiny-smooth mouthfeel. The resonant finish consolidates to notes of lemon drop and cocoa, with a hint of pink peppercorn.
Evaluated as espresso. Crisp, chocolate-toned and cedary. Dark chocolate, pecan, gently scorched cedar, ripe banana, tangerine zest in aroma and small cup. Lightly syrupy mouthfeel; roundly bittersweet in the finish: chocolate, cedar, tangerine. Cedar dominates in three parts milk, quietly enveloped by chocolate and ripe banana.
Enchantingly rich, intensely floral, unique. Dried black cherry, tea rose, Cognac, chocolate fudge, gently scorched almond wood in aroma and cup. Deeply sweet-savory in structure with crisp, apple-toned acidity; plump, syrupy mouthfeel. Exceptionally long finish that carries over all the aroma and flavor notes from the cup, plus an umami intrigue akin to candied bacon.
Richly sweet, spice-toned. Cocoa powder, cinnamon, oak, lily, lemongrass in aroma and cup. Sweet structure with gentle, round acidity; full, velvety mouthfeel. The finish centers on cocoa and lily-like flowers with a hint of lemongrass.
Fruit-toned, richly sweet. Strawberry, dark chocolate, nutmeg, grapefruit zest, fresh-cut fir in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned structure with round, gentle acidity; satiny-smooth mouthfeel. The gently drying finish centers around fresh-cut fir with strawberry and nutmeg suggestions.
Fruit-toned, richly chocolaty. Dark chocolate, dried blueberry, freesia-like flowers, honey, cedar in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with round, gentle acidity; full, syrupy mouthfeel. The finish consolidates to blueberry and chocolate notes, with a hint of cedar.
Richly spiced-toned, deeply sweet. Dried apricot, molasses, pink peppercorn, dark chocolate, jasmine in aroma and cup. Sweet-savory structure with engaging, bright acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel. The short finish leads with dried apricot and dark chocolate, followed in the long by jasmine and pink peppercorn.
Richly sweet, nut-toned. Baker’s chocolate, hazelnut butter, pear, agave syrup, fresh-cut fir in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned structure with brisk acidity; satiny-smooth mouthfeel. Chocolate- and nut-toned in the long, resonant finish.
Delicately floral and fruit-toned. Honeysuckle, honeydew melon, lemon verbena, roasted cacao nib, frankincense in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with playful, bright acidity; full, satiny mouthfeel. The richly sweet finish consolidates to cocoa-toned honeysuckle and melon.
Deeply sweet, rich-toned. Apricot, baker’s chocolate, honeysuckle, oak, agave syrup in aroma and cup. Sweet in structure with brisk acidity; full, syrupy mouthfeel. The finish consolidates to apricot and baker’s chocolate, with hints of honeysuckle.
Delicately opulent. Honey, lemon blossom, cocoa, fresh pipe tobacco, a hint of roasted nut in aroma and cup. Very sweet, gently crisp in structure; buoyant, almost levitating in mouthfeel. Quietly resonant, cocoa-toned in the finish.
Richly sweet, spice-toned. Roasted cacao nib, tamarind, tangerine zest, freesia-like flowers, almond in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with juicy acidity; crisp, satiny mouthfeel. Resonant finish centers on notes of cocoa-toned tamarind and freesia.
Richly sweet, spicy, tobacco-toned. Pipe tobacco, almond brittle, ginger blossom, mango, roasted cacao nib in aroma and cup. Sweet-savory structure with gentle, rounded acidity; crisp, satiny mouthfeel. The finish resonates with vanilla-toned pipe tobacco and ginger blossom.
Bright, richly sweet-savory. Red currant, hop flowers, fresh-cut cedar, roasted cacao nib, almond brittle in aroma and cup. Richly bittersweet structure with resonant, high-toned acidity; viscous, satiny mouthfeel. The lingering finish leads with red currant and almond brittle in the short, settling to cacao nib and hop flowers in the long.
High-toned, richly sweet-tart. Apricot, wild honey, sandalwood, roasted cacao nib, lilac in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart structure with vibrant, juicy acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel. The finish is resonant with all the aroma and flavor notes of the cup, leading with apricot and lilac in the short and cocoa-toned sandalwood in the long, all sustained by a deep, honeyish sweetness. 
Elegantly fruit-toned, chocolaty. Dark chocolate, dried fig, oak, narcissus-like flowers, molasses in aroma and cup. Crisply sweet structure with balanced, vibrant acidity; full, syrupy mouthfeel. The finish consolidates to notes of dried fig and molasses supported by a rich dark chocolate.
Cleanly fruit-toned, delicately rich. Rum cordial, orange zest, coconut, plum, cedar in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned structure with gentle, round acidity; plump, satiny-smooth mouthfeel. The inviting finish leads with coconut and plum in the short, with notes of cedar and rum cordial returning in the long.
Delicate, sweetly savory. Red currant, honeysuckle, roasted cacao nib, agave syrup, eucalyptus in aroma and cup. Lively acidity lifts the sweet-savory structure; full, syrupy mouthfeel. The richly drying finish consolidates to notes of red currant, eucalyptus and cacao nib.
Pungently sweet, deeply expressive. Gooseberry, sandalwood, narcissus-like flowers, maple syrup, baker's chocolate in aroma and cup. Sweet in structure with savory resonance; crisp, velvety mouthfeel. The long, quiet finish is flavor-saturated.
Fruit-forward, crisply sweet. Peach, grapefruit zest, hazelnut, molasses, oak in aroma and cup. Savory-sweet structure with round, gentle acidity; full, satiny mouthfeel. The resonant finish centers around notes of peach, grapefruit zest and oak.
Rich-toned, crisply sweet. Narcissus, plum, cedar, cashew butter, honey in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with soft acidity; satiny-smooth mouthfeel. The finish resonates with plum and narcissus notes in the short, consolidating to cashew and cedar in the long.
Fruit-forward, sweetly herbaceous. Raspberry coulis, lemon verbena, cacao nib, sandalwood, freesia-like flowers in aroma and cup. Crisply sweet-tart structure with brisk acidity; satiny-smooth mouthfeel. The finish consolidates to raspberry and cocoa with a sandalwood throughline underneath.
Citrusy and spice-toned. Lemon verbena, gardenia-like flowers, sandalwood, caramel, pink peppercorn in aroma and cup. Richly sweet-tart in structure with vibrant acidity; full, satiny mouthfeel. The finish consolidates to lemon verbena and sandalwood in the short, with caramel resurfacing in the long.
Delicately fruit-toned, richly cocoa-driven. Ripe strawberry, dark chocolate,  almond, freesia-like flowers, a hint of wine barrel in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with crisp, high-toned acidity; full, syrupy mouthfeel. The flavor-saturated finish sustains all of the aroma and flavor notes promised by the cup.
Deftly roast-touched, richly chocolaty. Singed sandalwood, dark chocolate, dried mango, saffron, dahlia-like flowers in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart in structure with rich, vibrant acidity; viscous, silky mouthfeel. Quiet, chocolate- and floral-toned finish with a hint of saffron.
Delicate, richly floral, sweetly spice-toned. Almond nougat, white peach, pink peppercorn, wisteria-like flowers, fragrant sandalwood in aroma and cup. Richly bittersweet structure with vibrant, juicy acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel. Resonant, flavor-saturated finish centers around peach, wisteria and sandalwood.
Delicate, sweetly herbaceous. Cocoa nib, bergamot, narcissus-like flowers, black tea, cedar in aroma and cup. Sweet-savory structure with rich, citrusy acidity; full, syrupy mouthfeel. The finish is redolent with notes of bergamot and narcissus in the short, cocoa-toned cedar in the long.
Crisply sweet, cocoa-toned. Cocoa nib, almond nougat, narcissus-like flowers, apricot, a hint of pipe tobacco in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with lively acidity; crisp, satiny mouthfeel. The long, resonant finish consolidates to notes of apricot and cocoa-toned almond. 
Bright, crisp, sweetly tart. Citrus medley, cacao nib, pink peppercorn, dogwood, almond in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with lively acidity; crisp, satiny mouthfeel. The short finish is intense with notes of citrus and pink peppercorn, while the long softens to almond-toned florals.
Evaluated as espresso. Deeply rich, sweetly roast-rounded. Dark chocolate, gently scorched cedar, magnolia, black cherry, almond in aroma and small cup. Full, satiny mouthfeel; crisp, resonant finish centered around dark chocolate and black cherry notes, underscored by cedar-like aromatic wood. In three parts milk, the chocolate blooms and and notes of black cherry and magnolia resurface.
Deeply sweet, richly savory. Dark chocolate, pistachio, red currant jam, honeysuckle, a hint of marjoram in aroma and cup. Balanced, sweetly savory structure with elegant, lilting acidity; lush, syrupy mouthfeel. The resonant finish consolidates to notes of dark chocolate and red currant, with undertones of crisp marjoram.
Fruit-forward, richly chocolaty. Raspberry coulis, chocolate fudge, brandy, cedar, mace in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with gentle, rounded acidity; full, creamy mouthfeel. Fruit-toned finish: think berries enveloped in chocolate, with a hint of mace in the long.
Evaluated as espresso. Rich, chocolaty, sweetly tart. Dark chocolate, peach, Szechuan peppercorn, orange zest, myrrh in aroma and small cup. Smooth, satiny mouthfeel; resonant, chocolaty finish. In three parts milk, notes of Szechuan peppercorn and dark chocolate harmonize sweetly, with undercurrents of peach and myrrh.
Spice-toned, complex, richly bittersweet. Blackberry, dark chocolate, blood orange zest, ginger blossom, oak in aroma and cup. Bittersweet in structure with bright, high-toned acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel. The resonant finish is redolent with notes of cocoa-toned blackberry and spicy ginger blossom.
High-toned, balanced, crisply sweet. Apricot, tangerine zest, dark chocolate, honey, rhododendron in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with juicy, bright acidity; buoyant, syrupy mouthfeel. The rich finish is centered around notes of dark chocolate and tangerine zest, with vanilla-toned florals.
Bright, crisply sweet, chocolaty. Lemon blossom, nougat, roasted cacao nib, pomegranate, violet in aroma and cup. Balanced, sweetly tart structure with juicy, bright acidity; satiny-smooth mouthfeel. The resonant finish centers around cocoa and lightly-expressed citrus notes. 
Wild, unruly, utterly brilliant and original. Intensely and intricately floral-toned: opulent lily through delicate violet with a shifting bouquet of possibilities between. At the heart of aroma and flavor is a cidery, brandyish compote of fruit--apple, passion fruit, lychee--rounded by a fine, cocoa-toned chocolate. The structure is shifty, simultaneously sweet, crisply bitterish and tart, the mouthfeel plump and syrupy. The finish rings on with continuing layers of fruit, flowers, cocoa and coconut.   
Floral-toned, richly sweet. Narcissus, roasted cacao nib, toffee, apricot, sandalwood in aroma and cup. Deeply sweet-tart structure with juicy, bright acidity; full, syrupy mouthfeel. Resonant finish centers around cocoa-toned narcissus and apricot.
Deep, richly sweet-savory. Black currant, fine musk, toffee, jasmine, celery seed in aroma and cup. Sweet-savory in structure with bright, juicy acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel. The flavor-saturated finish is equal parts sweet-leaning (black currant, toffee, jasmine) and savory (musk, celery seed). 
Spiced-toned, richly floral. Wisteria, sweet lime zest, date, white peppercorn, cocoa powder in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with punchy acidity; crisp, lively, satiny mouthfeel. The short finish suggests a cannabis-like pungency, while cocoa and wisteria notes carry into the long.
Richly bittersweet, complexly fruit-toned. Chocolate fudge, dried mulberry, candied pink grapefruit zest, pistachio brittle, wisteria-like flowers in aroma and cup. Deeply sweet structure with high-toned, lively acidity; velvety mouthfeel. The finish centers around notes of chocolate fudge and dried mulberry, with a pleasingly bittersweet pink grapefruit throughline. 
Evaluated as espresso. Floral-toned, sweetly roast-deep. Frangipane, chocolate fudge, black currant, jasmine, gently scorched cedar in aroma and small cup. Velvety-smooth mouthfeel; the rich, resonant finish centers around notes of black currant and jasmine with with hints of salted fudge. In three parts milk, chocolate and floral tones bloom richly, and black currant deepens.
Deep, chocolaty, cleanly fruit-toned. Dark chocolate, cedar, black cherry, magnolia, molasses in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart structure with gentle, rounded acidity. Consolidates to resonant chocolate and cherry in the finish.
Nuanced, layered, richly sweet-savory. Fine musk, wisteria-like flowers, dark chocolate, pipe tobacco, black cherry in aroma and cup. Balanced sweet-tart-savory structure with juicy, vibrant acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel. The finish is resonant, flavor-saturated, and impressively long.
Richly and sweetly tart, chocolaty. Dark chocolate, hazelnut butter, lightly scorched cinnamon, date, fir in aroma and cup. Sweet in structure with gentle, rounded acidity; velvety mouthfeel. The chocolaty finish is complicated by date and hazelnut.
Crisp, high-toned, richly sweet. Strawberry, cocoa powder, honeysuckle, cedar, cashew butter in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with bright acidity; crisp, satiny mouthfeel. The finish consolidates to cocoa and honeysuckle with a throughline of rich, cedar-like aromatic wood.
Evaluated as espresso. Bright, sweetly tart. Cocoa powder, hazelnut, orange zest, pomegranate, fir in aroma and small cup. Crisp, lightly syrupy mouthfeel; sweet cocoa-toned finish. In three parts milk, cocoa notes are amplified, punctuated by orange zest and fir.
Richly spice-toned, chocolaty. Dark chocolate, peppercorn medley, dried persimmon, gardenia, singed oak in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned structure with mild acidity; satiny, surprisingly full mouthfeel. Crisp, cocoa-laden finish with gardenia and persimmon as supporting undertones.
Elegant, berry-toned, richly sweet. Blackberry coulis, elderflower, cacao nib, candycap mushroom, frankincense in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with vibrant, juicy acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel. Rich, resonant finish that leads with blackberry and frankincense in the short, rounding to floral-toned cocoa in the long.
Crisp, deeply sweet. Cacao nib, honeysuckle, dried apricot, fresh-cut fir, agave syrup in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with pert acidity; full, satiny mouthfeel. The richly drying finish centers around cocoa-toned date notes and sweetly pungent fir.
Bright, richly sweet. Jasmine, guava, pine nut, maple syrup, Nutella in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned structure with crisp, citrusy acidity; velvety-smooth mouthfeel. Floral-toned in the short finish, chocolaty in the long.
Bright, crisp, sweetly tart. Apricot, almond, cocoa nib, cedar, honey in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with juicy acidity; velvety mouthfeel. A quietly rich finish centers around apricot and honey, with cocoa nuance.
Fruit-centered, crisply sweet. Bing cherry, magnolia, oak, agave syrup, baker’s chocolate in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned structure with gentle acidity; satiny, full mouthfeel. The short finish leads with notes of cherry and baker’s chocolate, rounding to deep, low-toned flowers in the long.
High-toned, deeply sweet. Mango, gardenia, fresh-cut pine, molasses, hazelnut in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with pert, lively acidity; viscous, lightly syrupy mouthfeel. The finish is redolent with mango and hazelnut.
Roast-touched, floral-toned, richly chocolaty. Narcissus, chocolate fudge, black cherry, almond, lightly scorched mesquite in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned structure with crisp, malic acidity, suggesting green apple; full, creamy mouthfeel. The finish consolidates to chocolate fudge and black cherry with undertones of smoky mesquite.
Balanced, fruit-toned, deeply sweet. Mulberry, wine barrel, dark chocolate, sandalwood, freesia in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with wine-like acidity; satiny-smooth mouthfeel. The finish leads with mulberry and dark chocolate, supported by spice-toned aromatic wood and freesia-like flowers.
High-toned, richly sweet-savory. Red currant, dark chocolate, tangerine zest, hop flowers, sandalwood in aroma and cup. Richly bittersweet structure with vibrant, juicy acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel. Deep, flavor-saturated finish with red currant and dark chocolate carrying well into the long.
Sweetly herb- and spice-toned. Lemongrass, ripe plum, cinnamon, baker’s chocolate, sarsaparilla in aroma and cup. Tart-leaning structure with high-toned acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel. The finish leads with notes of lemongrass and cinnamon in the short, with the root-beer-like sarsaparilla note returning in the long.
Richly sweet-savory, spice-toned. Lemon verbena, mango, cacao nib, freesia-like flowers, almond butter in aroma and cup. Balanced, bittersweet structure with vibrant, juicy acidity; delicate, silky-smooth mouthfeel. The resonant, lingering finish centers around cocoa-toned mango and almond.
Rich-toned, deeply sweet and complexly engaging. Black cherry, dark caramel, hazelnut, magnolia-like flowers, cedar in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned structure with round, gentle acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel. Caramelly finish, with hazelnut and magnolia in the foreground.
Crisply sweet, spice-toned. Candied pistachio, gardenia, cedar, sugar cane, apricot in aroma and cup. Bittersweet structure with round, gentle acidity; satiny-smooth mouthfeel. The understated finish is driven by notes of nut brittle and spicy, deeply sweet flowers.
Bright, juicy, sweetly and seductively tart. Blood orange zest, dried raspberry, ginger blossom, cocoa powder, sandalwood in aroma and cup. Balanced, sweet-tart structure with crisp, vibrant acidity; velvety mouthfeel. Citrus zest and dried berry notes bookend the cocoa-toned finish.
Deeply rich, sweetly savory. Fine musk, toffee, red currant, sandalwood, narcissus-like flowers in aroma and cup. Bright, sweet-savory structure with juicy acidity; satiny-smooth mouthfeel. The crisp finish consolidates to toffee and narcissus.
Delicate, gently fruit- and cocoa-toned. Pomegranate, cacao nib, narcissus-like flowers, roasted pistachio, honey in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with gentle, rounded acidity; silky-smooth mouthfeel. The quiet finish consolidates to cocoa-toned fruit and florals.
High-toned, crisply sweet-tart. Apricot, almond, maple syrup, narcissus-like flower, cedar in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart structure with bright, juicy acidity; satiny mouthfeel. Resonant, flavor-saturated finish: apricot and narcissus in the short with cedar resurfacing in the long.
Richly sweet-savory, cocoa-toned. Apricot, cocoa nib, maple syrup, jasmine, hint of marjoram in aroma and cup. Sweetly savory in structure with pert acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel. Rich, resonant finish that leads with apricot and jasmine in the short, rounding to crisp cocoa nib in the long.
Fruit-toned, richly sweet. Dried mango, coconut, freesia, honey, fir, a hint of aged grappa in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned structure with winy acidity; creamy mouthfeel. The fruit-forward character carries into the finish, where aromatic wood notes are also amplified. 
Richly sweet with savory undertones. Mulberry, rhododendron, agave syrup, oak, a hint of thyme in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned structure with round, gentle acidity; velvety-smooth mouthfeel. The quiet finish is carried by notes of mulberry, rhododendron and thyme.
Crisply sweet-tart, high-toned. Mandarin orange, candied violet, hazelnut, baker’s chocolate, fresh-cut fir in aroma and cup. Tart-leaning structure with brisk acidity; satiny mouthfeel. The quiet finish centered around notes of baker’s chocolate, almond and orange. 
Evaluated as espresso. Dark chocolate, tangerine zest, black cherry, cedar, violet in aroma and small cup. Viscous, satiny mouthfeel; crisply sweet-tart finish. Chocolate and citrus zest are pleasingly amplified in three parts milk, with notes of black cherry and violet-like flowers carrying into the long finish.
Deeply sweet, elegantly fruit-forward. Raw honey, blackberry, sandalwood, lilac, baker's chocolate in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned structure with gentle, rounded acidity; full, syrupy mouthfeel. The resonant finish centers around blackberry and sandalwood notes, with honey as a long throughline.
Nuanced, multi-layered, richly sweet-savory. Black currant, dark chocolate, sweet marjoram, narcissus, maple syrup in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned structure with savory underpinnings; vibrant, juicy acidity. The saturated finish consolidates to black currant, chocolate and marjoram.
Richly sweet, spice-toned. Star jasmine, mango chutney, sandalwood, cacao nib, pink peppercorn in aroma and cup. Sweet-savory structure with crisp acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel. A richly drying finish leads with notes of jasmine and mango, supported by hints of incense-like sandalwood.
Multi-layered and expressive. Star jasmine, cherry, maple syrup, cocoa nib, almond in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart structure with lively acidity; full, syrupy mouthfeel. The resonant finish leads with notes of jasmine and almond in the short, with cocoa-toned cherry returning in the long.
Lush, deeply floral, resonantly tropical. Plumeria, coconut, dark chocolate, tamarind, frankincense in aroma and cup. The structure is superbly balanced among sweet, savory and tart, with juicy-bright acidity. Plush, syrupy mouthfeel. The seemingly eternal finish sustains all of the flavor notes from the cup in ringing harmony.
Deep, rich, pungent. Fresh cantaloupe, tangerine zest, caramelly chocolate, sandalwood, magnolia-like flowers in aroma and cup. Roundly and sweetly brisk in structure; satiny in mouthfeel. Fruit, floral and sandalwood carry into a crisply drying though sweet-toned finish.
Sweetly pungent, earthy. Moist, fresh-fallen leaves, orange zest, fresh-cut pine, cocoa, lily in aroma and cup. Richly tart in structure, with a savory edge. Light but buoyant mouthfeel. The finish consolidates around cocoa, orange and a deep, lily-like floral note. 
Simultaneously citrusy and floral, yet deeply resonant and tobacco-toned. Cocoa, pink grapefruit zest, perique (fermented) tobacco, sandalwood, aromatic orchid in aroma and cup. Sweetly and exhilaratingly tart in structure; light, juicy mouthfeel. Grapefruit, sandalwood and flowers carry gracefully into a long, layered finish.
Brightly sweet, deeply pungent. Fine musk, black currant, baker’s chocolate, violet, oak in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned structure with juicy acidity; crisp, lightly syrupy mouthfeel. The flavor-saturated finish consolidates around musk and currant notes with a hint of baker’s chocolate.
Crisply sweet-savory, balanced. Jasmine, toffee, peach, cedar, tamarind in aroma and cup. Sweet-savory structure with juicy, vibrant acidity; syrupy-smooth mouthfeel. All of the flavor and aroma notes are carried over into the finish, gently receding into the pleasing long.
Evaluated as espresso. Graceful, complex, balanced. Pomegranate, dark chocolate, jasmine, pink peppercorn, fresh-cut cedar in aroma and small cup. Plush, satiny mouthfeel; crisp, spiced-toned, chocolaty finish. In three parts milk, notes of dark chocolate and deep jasmine resonate, with pleasing undertones of aromatic wood.
Evaluated as espresso. Juicy, buoyant, bright. Pineapple, sandalwood, cacao nib, magnolia, rose in aroma and small cup. Lightly syrupy, satiny in mouthfeel. Flavor consolidates and layers in a sweet, cocoa-toned finish with a continuing hint of pineapple. Delicate and crisp in three parts milk: sweet cocoa and flowers. 
Richly sweet-savory. Passionfruit, dark chocolate, hop flowers, almond butter, wine barrel in aroma and cup. Deep sweet-savory structure with wine-like acidity; very full, syrupy mouthfeel. Crisp, richly fruit-toned finish with a throughline of dark chocolate.
Rich, crisp and spicy. Complex aroma and flavor: blackcurrant, dried blackberry, sandalwood, blood orange zest, lavender. Deeply pungent in structure. Long, resonant finish; a cocoa hint surfaces to complicate orangy citrus and lavender-like floral notes. 
Evaluated as espresso. Deeply sweet, chocolaty. Dark chocolate, hazelnut, vanilla, dried cherry, cedar in aroma and small cup. Buoyant, velvety mouthfeel; long, resonant cocoa and nut-toned finish. Chocolate notes take center stage in cappuccino-scaled milk, supported by dried cherry and vanilla.
Sweet, nut-toned. Pistachio, lilac, dried lemon zest, very ripe papaya, cedar in aroma and cup. Roundly sweet-tart in structure; delicately plump in mouthfeel. Nut and floral notes carry a quietly satisfying finish.
Richly sweet, delicately fruit-toned. Strawberry, violet, cacao nib, cashew butter, fresh-cut cedar in aroma and cup. Balanced structure (sweet, tart, bitter) with vibrant acidity; satiny-smooth mouthfeel. Graceful, lingering finish that carries over all the flavor and aroma notes from the cup, particularly strawberry, violet and cedar.
Crisply sweet-savory, spice-toned. Cocoa powder, black cherry, sweet kabocha squash, freesia-like flowers, lemongrass in aroma and cup. Sweetly savory structure with gentle acidity; velvety-smooth mouthfeel. The resonant finish consolidates to notes of cocoa and lemongrass with a throughline of kabocha squash.
Crisp, sweetly and richly roast-toned. Scorched oak, raisin, dark chocolate, roasted hazelnut, dried spearmint, bitter orange zest in aroma and cup. Sweetly brisk and roasty in structure; lightly syrupy in mouthfeel. The finish is drying and roast-dominated.
Deep, sweet, gently roasty. Orange zest, scorched cedar, cocoa, roasted cashew, a hint of lily in aroma and cup. Roasty pungent but sweet in structure; plush and lightly syrupy in mouthfeel. Chocolaty, richly drying in the finish.  
Balanced, deeply sweet, subtly spice-toned. Pear, almond, baker’s chocolate, wisteria, maple syrup in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart-savory structure with soft acidity; satiny-smooth mouthfeel. A gently brisk finish quietly sustains all of the aroma and flavor notes from the cup. 
Crisply sweet-tart. Apricot, cacao nib, lime zest, hibiscus, almond in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart structure with pert, lively acidity; velvety-smooth mouthfeel. The sweet-toned finish consolidates to cocoa-toned apricot with a little kick from lime zest.
Fruit-forward, crisply sweet. Caramelized banana, hibiscus, cedar, pipe tobacco, rum cordial in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with round, gentle acidity; velvety mouthfeel. The quiet finish leads with banana and rum suggestions in the short, rounding to sweet pipe tobacco in the long.
Very sweetly tart, floral-prominent and rich-toned. Lemon custard, red currant jam, tea rose, maple syrup and dried coconut in aroma and cup. Delightfully crisp and tart, though cohesively resonant in structure; very lightly though buoyantly syrupy in mouthfeel. The finish is pert and satisfying, with a lingering sweet crispness and a long aromatic trajectory.
Sweetly tart, spice-toned. Dried black cherry, lantana, pipe tobacco, allspice, cedar in aroma and cup. Tart-leaning structure with brisk acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel. In the quiet, gently drying finish, fruit and florals recede and savory/spice notes, specifically pipe tobacco and cedar, are amplified.
Roundly pungent, buttery and chocolaty. Dark chocolate, orange zest, cedar, plum, a hint of peppercorn in aroma and cup. Crisply sweet, balanced in structure. Very light in mouthfeel, silky. Flavor consolidates in a drying though resonant finish. 
Deeply sweet, richly drying, complexly sweet-savory. Nutella, sumac, oak, clove, loquat, hop blossom in aroma and cup. Rounded and rich though drying in structure; brisk, juicy acidity. Very full, syrupy mouthfeel. The short finish consolidates around prominent oak and sumac with hints of cocoa and fruit. The long turns rather dry, though remains resonant.
Evaluated as espresso. Bittersweet, richly pungent, chocolaty and floral. Dark chocolate, plum, cedar, magnolia in aroma and small cup. Plump, satiny mouthfeel; bittersweet and chocolaty in the finish. Chocolate and flowers dominate in three parts milk. 
Richly fruit-toned, musky sweet. Raspberry jam, fine musk, apple brandy, hop flowers, almond in aroma and cup. Balanced, sweet-tart-savory in structure with vibrant, juicy acidity; buoyant, syrupy mouthfeel. Crisp, resonant finish with raspberry, brandy and hops carrying into the long.
Evaluated as espresso. Richly savory-leaning, deeply sweet. Tamarind, dark chocolate, sunchoke, wisteria, almond butter in aroma and small cup. Velvety-smooth mouthfeel; cocoa- and nut-toned finish. In three parts milk, sweet and savory present in particularly harmonious balance. 
Richly sweet-savory, spice-toned. Baker’s chocolate, spice box, narcissus-like flowers, almond, peach in aroma and cup. Savory-sweet structure with gentle, round acidity; full, syrupy mouthfeel. The crisp finish centers on notes of baker’s chocolate and almond with a hint of sweet flowers.
Richly sweet, cocoa- and fruit-toned. Concord grape, cocoa nib, sandalwood, maple syrup, lilac in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned structure with bright, juicy acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel. Resonant, flavor-saturated finish that highlights fruit and cocoa tones.
Roundly savory, sweet, quiet. Almond, pine, lightly cooked taro with hints of orange zest and plum blossom in aroma and cup. Gently sweet-savory in structure; very lightly satiny in mouthfeel. The finish is lightly crisp with pungent hints of pine.
Shifting, original, startling in its giddy intricacy. Winey pine (think retsina wine), cocoa powder, green apple, Concord grape, ginger blossom, much more in aroma and cup. Sweetly and delicately pungent in structure. Lightly syrupy and almost effervescently buoyant in mouthfeel. The winey pine character and a floral sweetness carry persuasively into a crisp finish.
Crisply sweet, richly dry. Kumquat, cocoa nib, vanilla, allspice and molasses in aroma and cup. Bittersweet in structure with brisk acidity; full, satiny-smooth mouthfeel. The finish simplifies, though resonates pleasantly with both tart and rich elements.
Delicate, sweetly pungent. Apple-brandy reduction, hazelnut, lime zest, freesia and fir in aroma and cup. Low-toned, savory-edged structure with gently tart acidity; smooth, lightly creamy mouthfeel. Quietly rich-toned finish, with a hint of tart apple in the long.
Sweetly and deeply pungent: earth and chocolate. Rich dark chocolate, fresh-turned humus, black currant, magnolia, cedar in aroma and cup. Pungent, sweet-tart in structure, with a profound savory bottom. The mouthfeel is not particularly full, but smooth, satiny. Nothing is lost in a flavor-saturated finish.
Deep, complex, sweetly pungent. Black currant, baker’s chocolate, moist, fresh-fallen leaves, maple syrup, a slight hint of juicy, berryish ferment in aroma and cup. Crisply sweet-savory in structure; plush, buoyant mouthfeel. Flavor resonates long into a richly drying finish.
Richly sweet, subtly earth-toned, lightly roasty. Distinct dark chocolate, black cherry, fresh-turned loam, cedar, freesia-like flowers in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart in structure, with a savory bottom. Lightly syrupy mouthfeel. The loamy earth notes and dark chocolate dominate in a very sweet, layered finish.
Cocoa- and mango-toned, quietly zesty. Baker’s chocolate, mango, sandalwood, almond nougat, freesia-like flowers in aroma and cup. In structure, bittersweet with an enlivening tart edge; lightly syrupy mouthfeel. Finish sweetens and consolidates around cocoa, almond and sandalwood.
Richly and vivaciously sweet-savory. Pipe tobacco, date, grapefruit zest, spearmint, rose-like flowers in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart and deeply savory, almost meaty in structure. Syrupy but crisply drying mouthfeel. Flavor consolidates around grapefruit, spearmint and rose in a savory-bottomed, lasting finish.
Soft, balanced: cocoa and nuts. Baking chocolate, tangerine zest, nut (hazelnut, pistachio), fresh-cut pine in aroma and cup. Delicately brisk in structure; light though silky mouthfeel. Finish is resonant but drying, consolidating around unsweetened chocolate and nut.
Round, layered, sweet-savory, understated but original. Walnut, cocoa powder, maple syrup, hints of pear and rum in aroma and cup. Softly brisk in structure; syrupy and full in mouthfeel. Flavor consolidates around walnut and maple syrup in a gently drying finish. 
Vibrant, juicy, brightly fruit-toned and spicily floral. Wild strawberry, honey, dried gardenia, pistachio butter, pink peppercorn in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with crisp, fresh acidity; viscous, lively mouthfeel. The finish amplifies rich floral and fruit with support from deep spice and earthy honey suggestions.
Floral and sweetly herbaceous with richly framed depth. Jasmine, spearmint, chocolate, watermelon, fine musk in aroma and cup. Deeply sweet structure with vibrant, juicy acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel. The resonant, flavor-saturated finish centers around chocolate and jasmine with musk undertones.
Sweetly spice-toned, richly chocolaty. Salted chocolate, hop flowers, Concord grape, ginger, a hint of aged grappa in aroma and cup. Sweet-savory structure with fruit-forward, wine-toned acidity; full, syrupy mouthfeel. The finish leads with Concord grape and ginger in the short, followed by hops in the long, all bound by a throughline of savory-sweet chocolate and aged grappa.
Rich-toned, deeply sweet. Black cherry, magnolia, fresh-cut cedar, maple syrup, a hint of thyme in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned structure with round, gentle acidity; lush, syrupy mouthfeel. Resonant finish that centers around notes of black cherry and cedar.
Classic, balanced, rich-toned. Honeysuckle, red currant, toffee, dried coconut, mango in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart in structure with bright acidity; velvety-smooth mouthfeel. The finish consolidates to toffee-toned red currant in the short and coconut in the long.
Richly fruit-toned, complexly layered. Cacao nib, jujube (red date), marjoram, freesia-like flowers, fresh pipe tobacco in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart structure with bright acidity; lightly satiny mouthfeel. The rich, long finish is flavor-saturated, consolidating to cocoa, fresh tobacco and marjoram.
Bright, crisply sweet-tart. Peach, honeysuckle, cinnamon, cedar, cacao nib in aroma and cup. Richly sweet, high-toned structure with citrusy acidity; crisp, silky mouthfeel. Peach and honeysuckle carry the short finish, while cocoa-toned cedar resurfaces in the long. 
Crisply sweet, fruit- and spice-toned. Apricot, oak, baker’s chocolate, freesia, sandalwood in aroma and cup. Deeply sweet structure with a tart lift and lively acidity; satiny-smooth mouthfeel. The finish centers around crisp stone fruit and aromatic wood notes, with a hint of spicy flowers underneath.
Crisply sweet-tart, balanced. Rose hips, almond nougat, orange zest, apricot, cedar in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned structure with gentle, round acidity; velvety-smooth mouthfeel. The finish consolidates to pretty notes of nougat and apricot, with a hint of cedar. 
Sweet-savory, richly wood-framed. Date, spice box, fresh-cut fir, cocoa powder, rhododendron in aroma and cup. Sweetly savory in structure with round, gentle acidity; crisp, satiny mouthfeel. The finish is characterized by dried fruit and mixed baking spices animating fresh-cut aromatic wood. 
High-toned sweetness, crisply tart, pleasantly salty-edged. Dried apricot, tamarind, salted chocolate, cedar, magnolia in aroma and cup. Gently low-toned with balanced tart and salty/savory structure; briskly juicy acidity. Full, buttery mouthfeel. Flavor simplifies in the finish, with hints of salted cocoa and dry cedar carrying into the long.
Unorthodox but coherent and compelling. Pungent rose, fresh fennel frond, ripe cantaloupe, walnut, marshmallow in aroma and cup. Roundly sweet-savory in structure, with an impressively smooth, plush mouthfeel. Rose-like flowers prevail in a deeply rich finish. 
Very sweet, floral, deeply rich. Date, tangerine zest, fresh pipe tobacco, freesia-like flowers, dark chocolate in aroma and cup. Complex and deeply rich structure; roundly tart acidity. Full, syrupy mouthfeel. The finish is dry but rings with rich tobacco and unsweetened chocolate far into the long.
Very sweet, richly perfumed, wood-framed. Pipe-tobacco, lychee fruit, spice box, freesia-like flowers, amber and musk in aroma and cup. Richly, densely composed structure, crisply tart acidity. Impressively syrupy-smooth mouthfeel. The finish consolidates pleasantly into a slightly drying though rich-toned, spicy tobacco.
Evaluated as espresso. Balanced, richly bittersweet. Baker’s chocolate, dried apricot, hop flowers, sandalwood, hazelnut butter in aroma and cup. Plush, creamy mouthfeel; bright, fruit-forward finish. In milk, crisp chocolate notes envelope notes of stone fruit and bittersweet florals in the short, with rich aromatic wood tones resurfacing in the long.
Evaluated as espresso. Classically cocoa-toned and sweetly tart. Nutella, pink peppercorn, pomegranate, molasses, magnolia in aroma and small cup. Creamy-smooth body; short but resounding finish. The milk shot is lush and fudgelike, with undertones of pomegranate and magnolia.
Evaluated as espresso. Deeply cocoa- and nut-toned, brightly fruit-forward. Cocoa powder, caramel, almond butter, dried black cherry, myrrh in aroma and small cup. Velvety mouthfeel, crisp, chocolaty and nut-toned finish. The milk shot leads with notes of black cherry and cocoa powder, supported by rich aromatic wood and almond butter.
Evaluated as espresso. Richly sweet, fruit-toned and chocolaty. Dark chocolate, dried cherry, fresh-cut fir, almond blossom, molasses in aroma and small cup. Full, satiny-smooth mouthfeel; flavor-saturated finish driven by chocolate and stone fruit notes. This blend sings in milk, elevating notes of both cherry and chocolate in lasting vibrancy.
Richly sweet, cocoa-toned. Dark chocolate, apricot, hazelnut, lilac, maple syrup in aroma and cup. Balanced, bittersweet structure with rounded acidity; satiny-smooth mouthfeel. The finish is thoroughly chocolaty with undertones of apricot and hazelnut.
Richly and cleanly fruit-toned. Bing cherry, freesia-like flowers, fruit taffy, fresh-cut oak, lemon verbena in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned structure with vivacious acidity; vibrant, creamy mouthfeel. Gentle, fruit-forward finish with spicy floral notes.
Deeply sweet, intensely pungent. Dark chocolate, pink grapefruit zest, wisteria, maple syrup, myrrh in aroma and cup. Deeply sweet-toned in structure with lively, juicy acidity; syrupy mouthfeel. The finish is long and satisfying: flavor-saturated, floral-, chocolate- and fruit-toned, harmoniously balanced.
Balanced, high-toned, richly sweet. Molasses, crisp green tomato, wisteria, Nutella, fresh pipe tobacco in aroma and cup. Sweet-savory-tart structure; very syrupy mouthfeel. Rich-toned finish with notes of dark chocolate, hazelnut and wisteria.
Elegant, tropical, rich-toned. Strawberry guava, honeysuckle, almond, sandalwood, cacao nib in aroma and cup. Richly sweet structure with bright, vibrant acidity; lush, syrupy mouthfeel. Lingering notes of strawberry and honeysuckle in the delicate finish.
Juicy, bright, deeply and richly sweet. Dried strawberry, toffee, lilac, myrrh, maple syrup in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with vivacious acidity; full, syrupy mouthfeel. The resonant finish consolidates to notes of strawberry and toffee.
Richly savory-sweet, balanced, layered and lively. Red currant, maple syrup, honeysuckle, sandalwood, dark chocolate in aroma and cup. Deeply sweet-savory structure with juicy, confident acidity; full, syrupy mouthfeel. Long, flavor-saturated finish centers around red fruit and sweet-spicy floral notes.
Cleanly fruit-toned, richly sweet-tart. Raspberry, freesia, oak, pistachio, cacao nib in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart structure with gentle, rounded acidity; full, velvety mouthfeel. Raspberry and freesia notes animate the elegant, crisply sweet finish.
Evaluated as espresso. Deep, rich, chocolaty. Dried apricot, dark chocolate, hazelnut, molasses, cedar in aroma and small cup. Satiny smooth mouthfeel; crisp, sweetly nut-toned finish. Chocolate leads in three parts milk, followed by notes of molasses and hazelnut.
A complex and overwhelming aromatic immersion. Pink bubblegum, winter spices, salted fudge, candied ginger, elderflower, herbal liqueur (yellow chartreuse?) in aroma and cup. The structure is dramatic: basic tastes are all disconcertingly intense, including sweet, salt and savory, yet they all somehow layer and satisfy. Very full and syrupy mouthfeel with a spicy drying edge. The finish is resonant, slightly bittersweet though chocolaty and rich.
Elaborate, vibrant, exhilarating. Dark chocolate truffle, strawberry guava, candied ginger, lilac, myrrh in aroma and cup. Crisply sweet-tart structure with bright, succulent acidity; very syrupy mouthfeel. The finish is zesty in the short and cocoa- and floral-toned in the long.
Richly bittersweet with pleasing savory undertones. Milk chocolate, hop flowers, apricot, narcissus, sandalwood in aroma and cup. Savory-sweet structure with brisk acidity; plush, satiny mouthfeel. Crisp, resonant finish with notes of milk chocolate and hop flowers. 
Evaluated as espresso. Round, balanced; softly and sweetly tart. Mango, orange zest, pistachio, cedar, cocoa. Satiny mouthfeel. Cedar, nut and cocoa carry into a resonant, lightly drying finish. Custardy orange and chocolate dominate in three parts milk. 
Evaluated as espresso. Exquisitely aromatic: high-toned, savory and impossibly floral. Toffee, dried black currant, myrrh, lavender, fine musk in aroma and small cup. Plush, syrupy mouthfeel; big, complex finish that is equal parts sweet and savory. In cappuccino-scaled milk, a whole new mid-palate is created, something akin to a mushroom custard.
Rich-toned, deeply floral. Honeysuckle, nectarine, pink peppercorn, oak, Meyer lemon zest in aroma and cup. Vibrantly sweet-tart structure with juicy acidity; crisp, satiny mouthfeel. Spice-toned finish with pretty floral and citrus notes.
Evaluated as espresso. Crisp, sweetly spice-toned. Pomegranate, cedar, dark chocolate, magnolia, a hint of cumin in aroma and small cup. Crisp, satiny mouthfeel; tart-leaning, richly drying finish. Tart flavors stand up to three parts milk, in which dark chocolate and magnolia are also amplified.
Evaluated as espresso. Bright, floral, sweetly herbaceous. Tangerine zest, lemon verbena, dark chocolate, narcissus-like flowers, sandalwood in aroma and small cup. Crisp, satiny mouthfeel; resonant finish consolidates to narcissus and sandalwood. In cappuccino-scaled milk, this coffee is driven by deep florals and rich aromatic wood notes, with a base of dark chocolate.
Evaluated as espresso. Bittersweet, gently roast-toned, chocolaty. Chocolate fudge, roasted hazelnut, green apple, molasses, singed cedar in aroma and small cup. Silky-smooth mouthfeel; crisp, richly drying finish. Reads like a classic Italian espresso in three parts milk, bitter and sweet in equal parts, balanced and harmonious with a hint of roast throughout.
Evaluated as espresso. Crisply sweet-tart, spice-toned. Baker’s chocolate, cardamom, tart cherry, fir, almond butter in aroma and small cup. Creamy body; bittersweet, wood-framed finish. Cardamom-toned chocolate blooms in three parts milk, along with sweet nut and tart fruit notes.
Evaluated as espresso. High-toned, fruit-forward. Watermelon candy, salted caramel, vanilla, milk chocolate, cinnamon in aroma and small cup. Full, creamy mouthfeel; delicate, sweet-toned finish centered around notes of watermelon candy and cinnamon. Dessert-like in the milk shot, all fruit and candy with a hint of cinnamon.
Deeply sweet, fruit-toned, with a hint of sweet ferment. Baker’s chocolate, plum, narcissus, barrel-aged rum, cedar in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned structure with brisk acidity; full, satiny mouthfeel. Richly drying, flavor-saturated finish. 
Richly sweet, nut-toned. Date, hazelnut, sassafras, elm, freesia-like flowers in aroma and cup. Sweet-savory structure with gentle, round acidity; satiny mouthfeel. Long, undulating finish centered around sweet hazelnut notes.
Crisply sweet-tart. Lemon verbena, cherry, oak, cocoa nob, honeysuckle in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with vibrant acidity; velvety mouthfeel. The finish consolidates to notes of cherry and oak.
Deep, rich, roundly pungent. Lime zest, date, maple syrup, magnolia, fresh-cut cedar. Balanced sweet-tart-savory in structure, with a lime-brightened gleam of acidity. Full, syrupy though drying mouthfeel. Flavor consolidates in a robust, layered short finish, fading and drying slightly in the long. 
Floral-toned, richly sweet. Wisteria, toffee, lime zest, frankincense, apricot in aroma and cup. Bittersweet structure with confident, citrusy acidity; delicate, silky mouthfeel. The crisp finish consolidates to notes of toffee and lime zest with undertones of frankincense.
Deeply rich, equally sweet and savory. Brown sugar, hop flowers, toasted coconut, chestnut, sumac in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart-savory structure with vibrant, juicy acidity; viscous, satiny mouthfeel. The resonant finish consolidates to coconut and chestnut with undertones of brown sugar.
Richly fruit-toned, chocolaty. Dried raspberry, dark chocolate, sandalwood, almond, freesia-like flowers in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart in structure with round, gentle acidity; full, syrupy mouthfeel. Fruit- and chocolate-centered in the finish as well, with pretty freesia notes.
High-toned, fruity, deeply savory. Cocoa nib, plum sauce, brown sugar, sumac, freesia in aroma and cup. Round and deep, richly sweet-savory structure; full, chewy mouthfeel. The finish resolves with a simple yet compelling sweet and tart resonance.
Evaluated as espresso. Cocoa-toned, deeply sweet. Cocoa powder, date, cedar, apricot, blood orange zest in aroma and small cup. Big, creamy mouthfeel; the finish is redolent of cocoa and citrus zest. In cappucino-scaled milk, cocoa tones are amplified, as are notes of stone fruit and citrus.
Evaluated as espresso. High-toned, sweetly tart; Bing cherry, dark chocolate, tangerine zest, honeysuckle, a hint of fine pipe tobacco in aroma and small cup. Full, syrupy mouthfeel; earthy-sweet finish. In cappuccino-scaled milk, dark chocolate is amplified, as are deep florals, while tart fruit notes round.
Evaluated as espresso. Spice-toned, fruit-forward. Dried raspberry, cinnamon, dark chocolate, almond butter, narcissus in aroma and small cup. Crisp, satiny texture; resonant, flavor-saturated finish. In three parts milk, balanced and chocolaty, with lingering spice notes.
Evaluated as espresso. Deeply chocolaty, richly floral. Chocolate fudge, lilac, peach, fresh-cut cedar, hazelnut butter in aroma and small cup. Crisp, satiny-smooth mouthfeel; the deep, long, resonant finish maintains all of the aroma and flavor notes from the cup. Also profoundly satisfying in three parts milk, with chocolate and florals in a slow dance and fruit returning to the surface in the long finish.
Deeply sweet, elegantly rich. Mulberry, sandalwood, tangerine zest, jasmine, baking spices in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart in structure with high-toned, juicy acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel. The seemingly infinite finish fulfills the promise of the cup, leading with deep berry and citrus zest, rounding to floral-toned spice.
Crisply sweet, richly savory, vibrant. Red currant, jasmine, maple syrup, sandalwood, cacao nib in aroma and cup. The structure is harmoniously sweet-tart-savory with juicy, lively acidity. Plush, syrupy mouthfeel. The richly drying finish centers around red currant and sandalwood with a hint of jasmine in the long.
Crisp, cleanly fruit-centered. Dried raspberry, honeysuckle, grapefruit zest, cedar, cacao nib in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned with gentle acidity; velvety-smooth mouthfeel. Fruit-toned in the finish, supported by cacao nib and cedar.
Very sweet, tart, musky and rich. Sugarcane, orange zest, ripe peach, gardenia, myrhh in aroma, with elegant tobacco and cocoa also emerging in the cup. Structure is deeply sweet-savory, with juicy acidity; gently drying, syrupy mouthfeel. The resonant finish is crisp and rich: cocoa, tobacco, florals and citrus zest carry into the long.
Balanced, crisply sweet. Cocoa, peach, oak, almond, grapefruit zest in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned, brisk structure with a savory edge; soft, plush mouthfeel. Peach, nut and oak carry into a sweet-toned though roundly drying finish. 
Sweet, crisp, meadowy, fresh. Honeydew melon, fresh-cut fir, orange zest, clover blossom in aroma and cup. Crisp, balanced structure; satiny mouthfeel. The finish is citrusy, savory-sweet, resonant. 
Very sweet, chocolaty and spicy. Ripe banana, moist pipe tobacco, tangerine zest, lilac, bakers chocolate in aroma and small cup. Light, silky mouthfeel. Tightens and turns rather dry in the finish, especially in the long. The coffee’s complex aromatics and deep sweetness carry seductively into three parts milk.
Deeply rich, sweet, complex. Cocoa nib, ripe persimmon, tangerine zest, gardenia and myrrh in aroma and small cup. Rich, lightly velvety mouthfeel; crisp, cocoa-toned finish. In three parts milk, aromatics carry through distinctly with balanced pungency and sweetness.
High-toned, delicate, complex. Apricot, narcissus, maple syrup, sandalwood, tangerine zest in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart structure with bright, juicy acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel. Rich, resonant finish that consolidates to notes of apricot and sandalwood.
Delicate, richly sweet-tart. Almond nougat, lemon zest, tea rose, dried cherry, clove in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart in structure with crisp, wine-like acidity; satiny-smooth mouthfeel. The long finish centers around notes of dried cherry and clove.
Delicately fruit-toned, crisply sweet. Dried strawberry, baker’s chocolate, hazelnut, freesia-like flowers, cedar in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned structure with brisk acidity; velvety mouthfeel. The gentle finish leads with notes of dried strawberry and flowers supported by baker’s chocolate throughout.
Richly sweet, fruit-forward. Dried peach, baker’s chocolate, jasmine, cedar, molasses in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart structure with bright, juicy acidity; crisp, satiny mouthfeel. Long, lingering finish that centers around dried peach and chocolate notes, supported by cedar-like wood.
Richly sweet, fruit- and floral-toned. Blueberry, narcissus, agave syrup, sandalwood, dark chocolate in aroma and cup. Sweet in structure with gentle, round acidity; plushly syrupy mouthfeel. The resonant finish leads with notes of blueberry and narcissus in the short, rounding to aromatic wood-framed chocolate in the long.
Sweetly floral and richly resinous. Cedar, lemon zest, dried jasmine, cacao nib, loquat in aroma and cup. Delicate, sweetly brisk in structure; silky and lively in mouthfeel. Flavor consolidates around cedar and cocoa in a crisp, drying finish.
Evaluated as espresso. Richly roast-toned; floral and chocolaty. Gently scorched cedar, baker’s chocolate, narcissus-like flowers, mango, spearmint in aroma and small cup. Satiny mouthfeel; chocolate and spicy roast notes carry in a dry but lasting finish. The crisp chocolate dominates in three parts milk, with continuing hints of flowers and mango-like fruit.
Richly sweet, deeply savory, elegantly balanced. Dried apricot, maple syrup, narcissus, sandalwood, cacao nib in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart-savory in structure with vibrant, juicy acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel. The finish leads with notes of dried apricot and cacao nib in the short, rounding to narcissus and sandalwood in the long.
Evaluated as espresso. Fruit-toned, chocolaty. Dried apricot, chocolate fudge, oak, honeysuckle, almond brittle in aroma and small cup. Velvety mouthfeel; fruit- and chocolate-toned finish. In three parts milk, chocolate and almond notes converge for a dessert-like experience, with a hint of dried apricot.
Richly sweet-toned, floral. Magnolia, brown sugar, cedar, plum, hazelnut in aroma and cup. Sweet structure with round, gentle acidity; satiny-smooth mouthfeel. The resonant finish consolidates to notes of brown sugar and magnolia.
Lavish, captivatingly complex, deeply savory-sweet. Candycap mushroom, lilac, dark chocolate, dried coconut, frankincense in aroma and cup. Structurally, the savory component, which is typically an undertone, occupies the top of the aromatic and flavor range, with deep sweetness (fruit, florals) underneath. The mouthfeel is lively and richly syrupy. The seemingly eternal finish is a quiet mirror of the cup.
Richly sweet, spice-toned. Baker’s chocolate, spice box, magnolia, fresh-cut fir, brown sugar in aroma and cup. Sweet in structure with round, gentle acidity; full, satiny mouthfeel. The finish centers around baker’s chocolate and spice with notes of aromatic wood throughout.
High-toned, richly savory-sweet. Red currant, hop flowers, dark chocolate, oak, maple syrup in aroma and cup. Rich, savory-sweet structure with vibrant, juicy acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel. Resoundingly long, flavor-saturated finish.
Cleanly fruit-toned, deeply rich. Dried raspberry, toffee, molasses, cedar, narcissus-like flowers in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned structure with brisk acidity; creamy-smooth mouthfeel. Impressively resonant, multi-layered finish.
Crisp, citrusy, deeply sweet. Lemon verbena, cacao nib, agave syrup, cedar, freesia-like flowers in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with high-toned, lively acidity; full, viscous mouthfeel. The finish consolidates to notes of citrus-toned cocoa and freesia.
Sweet, deep, nut-toned but juicy. Roasted pistachio, baker’s chocolate, lime zest, hints of peach and elderflower in aroma and cup. Gently and roundly bright in structure; smooth, satiny in mouthfeel. Coconut, implicit in the cup, emerges in a nut-buttery finish. 
Sweetly and crisply floral- and fruit-toned. Roasted pineapple, honey, cashew, lavender and magnolia, baker’s chocolate in aroma and cup. In structure round, balanced, sweet with a tart/savory edge. Lightly syrupy, satiny mouthfeel. Flavor consolidates around dry, spicy chocolate in a crisp finish.
Sweet, crisply nut- and cocoa-toned. Cocoa, hazelnut, honey, a hint of lime zest, artichoke blossom in aroma and cup. Delicately crisp, lightly zesty in structure; light and silky in mouthfeel. Surprisingly resonant in the finish, with flavor consolidating around flowers and a hint of citrus.
Briskly sweet-savory, rounded by a cherry-like juiciness. Black cherry, lavender, baker’s chocolate, pistachio, artichoke blossom in aroma and cup. Bittersweet and savory in structure lifted by a cushiony fruit; full and plump in mouthfeel. The richly drying finish consolidates around chocolate, nut and a hint of flowers. 
Mild though intricately deep; sweet, savory, rich. Cocoa, hemp-seed, scorched clove, fig, gardenia-like flowers in aroma and cup. Quiet but well-composed sweet/savory structure; light though nicely satiny mouthfeel. The finish is resonant and gently drying. 
Deeply sweet, pungent, with a very slight roasty edge. Cedar, dark chocolate, candied walnut, dried peach, narcissus-like flowers in aroma and cup. Sweetly and roundly brisk in structure; lightly syrupy mouthfeel. Chocolate dominates in the short finish, cedar in the long.
A deep sweetness and considerable complexity resonate impressively inside a bitter-savory structure. Hints of blueberry and guava, spearmint, cocoa, rose, a hint of clove in aroma and cup. Fully, syrupy mouthfeel. Flavor carries persuasively into a rich though bittersweet finish.
Fruit-driven, sweetly savory. Dried raspberry, baker’s chocolate, hop flowers, grappa barrel, cedar in aroma and cup. Bittersweet structure with round, accessible acidity; full, viscous mouthfeel. Finish consolidates to notes of raspberry and lily with a hint of grappa barrel.
Complex, chocolaty, richly sweet. Dark chocolate, guava, butterscotch, honeysuckle, ginger blossom in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart structure with high-toned acidity; crisp, syrupy mouthfeel. Long, resounding finish that carries over all the notes from the cup, in particular foregrounding guava and dark chocolate.
Delicately fruit-toned. Persimmon, rose hips, cacao nib, lemon verbena, saltwater taffy in aroma and cup. Balanced, sweet-savory structure with fruit-driven acidity; vibrant, syrupy mouthfeel. The finish consolidates to persimmon and rose hips with cocoa undertones.
Evaluated as espresso. Nuanced, floral-toned, richly sweet. Wisteria, chocolate fudge, almond brittle, cedar, black cherry in aroma and small cup. Lightly syrupy, crisp mouthfeel; gently drying, cocoa-and wood-framed finish. Notes of wisteria are foregrounded in three parts milk, supported by chocolate fudge and almond.
Roast-rounded, savory-sweet. Ripe tomato, baker’s chocolate, scorched oak, toffee, magnolia in aroma and cup. Balanced, sweet-savory structure with gentle acidity; crisp, satiny mouthfeel. The resonant finish consolidates to notes of sweet tomato and baker’s chocolate with a hint of magnolia.
Bittersweet, rich-toned. Date, grapefruit zest, hazelnut, cedar, freesia-like flowers in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned structure with brisk acidity; full, syrupy mouthfeel. The finish is framed by aromatic wood notes (cedar) with date and hazelnut undertones and a throughline of grapefruit zest.
Subtly and sweetly intense: flowers and cocoa. Lavender, cocoa, honey, candied nut, lemon zest, much more in aroma and cup. Richly and sweetly pungent in structure; light though plush and satiny in mouthfeel. A quiet, layered finish consolidates around lemon and lavender. 
Exceptionally high-toned, delicately fruit-centered, intricately balanced. Mulberry, coconut, sandalwood, dark chocolate, lilac in aroma and cup. Richly sweet in structure with balanced, juicy acidity; delicate but plush, mouth-filling texture. The finish is a gentle reminder of everything the cup offers, in particular mulberry, coconut, and lilac.
Impeccably floral and cocoa-toned with a savory throughline. Chocolate fudge, wisteria, Asian pear, hazelnut butter, white peppercorn in aroma and cup. Richly sweet-savory structure with floral acidity; velvety-smooth, viscous mouthfeel. The finish centers around spice-toned chocolate (think dark chocolate with peppercorns) and wisteria.
Crisply and sweetly bright, exquisitely balanced. Tangerine zest, lavender, cocoa, cedar, fresh apricot in aroma and cup. Bright, delicate but juicy in structure; silky/satiny in mouthfeel. The quietly complex finish fades in the short but apricot and lavender revive in the long.
Crisply sweet-tart, fruit-toned. Blackberry jam, cocoa powder, almond, narcissus, baking spices in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart structure with bright, fruit-forward acdity; lively, satiny mouthfeel. The finish consolidates to notes of blackberry and cocoa.
Rich, complex, very deeply sweet. Honey, lilac, guava, frankincense, cacao nib in aroma and cup. Richly sweet-tart structure with high-toned, juicy acidity; crisp, full, satiny mouthfeel. The rich-toned finish is both sweetly floral and invitingly tart.
Richly sweet-savory, deeply floral-toned. Honeysuckle, bergamot, toffee, myrrh, a hint of fresh coriander in aroma and cup. Balanced, structure (sweet-savory) with citrusy acidity; plump, satiny mouthfeel. The finish consolidates around notes of honeysuckle and myrrh with a hint of toffee in the long.
Subtly and sweetly rich, deeply savory. Goji berry, cocoa nib, myrrh, fine musk, gardenia in aroma and cup. Sweet-savory structure with juicy acidity; crisp, lightly satiny mouthfeel. The finish resonates with perfume and cocoa notes, with deep richness into the long.
Evaluated as espresso. Roast-prominent, chocolaty, richly sweet. Scorched fir, ripe banana, bakers chocolate, wilted narcissus, allspice in aroma and small cup. Light and fluffy mouthfeel; finish consolidates to chocolate and banana with smoky undertones. In three parts milk the roast integrates nicely with deep chocolate, sweet fruit and a savory pungency.
Evaluated as espresso. Bright, sweetly tart, floral- and nut-toned. Nougat, cherry, wisteria, almond wood, sweet lime in aroma and small cup. Nicely syrupy, crisp mouthfeel. The finish simplifies around an attractively tart and nutty resonance. The florals, tart elegance and rich-toned nuttiness carry with grace and delicacy into three parts milk. 
Richly sweet-tart, high-toned. Cacao nib, pie cherry, lilac, cedar, nougat in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with juicy, vibrant acidity; crisp, velvety mouthfeel. The resonant finish centers around notes of tart stonefruit and cacao nib.
Evaluated as espresso. Assertively sweet, fruity, spicy. Ripe banana, baking chocolate, allspice, lemon drop, dried lavender and narcissus in aroma and small cup. The mouthfeel is syrupy though drying, the finish rich-toned though rather drying and heavyish in the long. In three-parts milk the coffee balances nicely, with high-toned sweetness and florals showing with pleasing clarity.
Rich-toned, chocolaty, exquisitely balanced. Chocolate fudge, pink grapefruit zest, cherry, sandalwood, narcissus in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart structure with bright, juicy acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel. The finish consolidates to notes of chocolate fudge and citrus-toned sandalwood.
Crisply sweet, floral-toned. Orange blossom, blackberry, cooked taro root, cacao nib, cedar in aroma and cup. Sweetly savory structure with gentle, rounded acidity; full, creamy mouthfeel. A pleasing sweet starchiness akin to taro root surfaces in the finish, integrated with rich floral and fruit tones.
Richly and pungently zesty. Blackberry, baker’s chocolate, mixed peppercorn, violet, lemon zest in aroma and cup. Brisk and deeply rich-toned structure with a lemon and floral inflection; full, syrupy mouthfeel. Lemon and violet with a hint of cocoa in the long, dry finish. 
Briskly and richly pungent. Dark chocolate, date, cherry tomato, violet, hints of herbs and spices (sage, cumin, cinnamon) in aroma and small cup. Light and silky, though gently drying mouthfeel. Crisp, quietly resonant finish. Distinctively tart, floral-toned and rich in three parts milk.
Sweetly and pleasingly pungent. Orange zest, cedar, baker’s chocolate, fresh date, a hint of sweet flowers in aroma and cup. Balanced sweet-tart-savory in structure; lightly syrupy in mouthfeel. Flavor consolidates around faint orange and cocoa in a rich though drying finish.
High-toned, sweetly tart, deeply savory. Jasmine, dark chocolate, lemon verbena, pink grapefruit zest, candycap mushroom in aroma and cup. Balanced sweet-tart-savory structure; lyrical, syrupy-smooth mouthfeel. The flavor-saturated finish leads with citrus notes (lemon verbena, grapefruit) in the short, rounding to deep chocolate and sweet mushroom in the long.
Sweetly herbaceous and spice-toned. Lemon verbena, green grape, nutmeg, fresh-cut fir, maple syrup in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart in structure with bright, citrusy acidity; full, velvety mouthfeel. The finish is resonant and long, leading with notes of lemon verbena and green grape in the short, modulating to fresh-cut fir in the long.
Rich-toned, chocolaty. Chocolate fudge, gently scorched cedar, date, gardenia, molasses in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned structure with gentle, rounded acidity; full, creamy mouthfeel. The finish consolidates to chocolate fudge and scorched cedar with undertones of gardenia.
Sweetly fruit-toned, accessibly fermenty. Raspberry coulis, dark chocolate, hop flowers, wine barrel, pink peppercorn in aroma and cup. Richly bittersweet in structure with a tangy acidity; crisp, lightly syrupy mouthfeel. The resonant finish is all fruit and chocolate enhanced by a quiet sweet ferment.
Crisp, delicate, richly sweet. Red plum, cocoa nib, jasmine, sandalwood, brown sugar in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned structure with vivacious acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel. Cocoa-toned plum and a hint of jasmine animate the quiet finish.
Savory-sweet, richly aromatic. Red currant, hop flowers, lime zest, dark chocolate, cedar in aroma and cup. Savory-sweet structure with high-toned, juicy acidity; full, buttery mouthfeel. Cocoa-toned finish with notes of red currant and lime zest in the short, rounding to hop flowers in the long.
Evaluated as espresso. Chocolaty, nut-driven, a bit smoky. Dark chocolate, almond brittle, orchid, charred mesquite, molasses in aroma and small cup. Velvety-smooth mouthfeel; smoky, chocolaty finish. In three parts milk, deeply chocolaty and roast-prominent, with inviting notes of smoky mesquite.
Deeply sweet, nut-toned. Hazelnut butter, baker’s chocolate, magnolia, oak forest, agave syrup in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned structure with brisk acidity; satiny-smooth mouthfeel. The gentle finish consolidates to hazelnut and chocolate tones with a hint of rich aromatic wood in the long.
High-toned, multi-layered, intriguingly complex. Wisteria, pineapple, myrrh, cocoa nib, pink grapefruit zest in aroma and cup. Richly sweet-tart structure with vibrant, juicy acidity; crisp yet syrupy mouthfeel. The resounding, flavor-laden finish is both deeply floral and richly sweet-tart.
Richly sweet, cleanly fruit-driven, floral-toned. Raspberry jam, dark chocolate, gardenia, cedar, maple syrup in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart structure with bright, juicy acidity; crisp though syrupy mouthfeel. A resonant finish centers around raspberry and chocolate with hints of cedar.
Evaluated as espresso. Floral-toned, richly sweet. Honeysuckle, cashew, oak, fig newton, pink peppercorn, dark chocolate in aroma and small cup. Crisp, satiny mouthfeel; resonant, floral-toned finish with a hint of spice notes. Three parts milk foregrounds sweet nut and dark chocolate, backed up by sweet spice notes suggesting pink peppercorn.
Sweet-toned, richly nutty. Cashew butter, date, baker’s chocolate, magnolia, oak in aroma and cup. Sweet structure with brisk acidity; satiny-smooth mouthfeel. The richly drying finish consolidates around notes of cashew and magnolia.
Evaluated as espresso. Sweet-toned, balanced. Black cherry, fir, hazelnut, baker’s chocolate, gardenia in aroma and small cup. Full, creamy body; gentle, chocolaty finish. Dark chocolate notes are amplified in three parts milk, with notes of black cherry and hazelnut underneath.
Delicate, richly sweet, fruit-centered. Dried strawberry, baker’s chocolate, magnolia, fresh-cut fir, maple syrup in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned structure with brisk acidity; smooth, satiny mouthfeel. The finish consolidates to notes of dried strawberry and fresh-cut fir with crisp chocolate undertones.
Evaluated as espresso. Very rich and deeply sweet. Dark chocolate, dried cherry, singed cedar, lilac, candy cap mushroom with layered complexity in aroma and small cup. Very thick, syrupy mouthfeel; the finish consolidates to smoky cocoa and sweetly savory mushroom. In three parts milk, the cup is very chocolaty, sweet and floral with an umami throughline. 
Vibrant, floral, richly sweet. Jasmine, white peach, almond, oak, lime zest in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart structure with juicy, bright acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel. The finish resonates with notes of white peach and jasmine with undertones of oak.
Rich-toned, deeply chocolaty and fruity with savory undertones. Chocolate fudge, ripe wild strawberry, honey, macadamia nut, fine Roquefort cheese. Sweet-savory in structure enlivened by bright, juicy acidity; full, syrupy mouthfeel. Savory-sweet finish with notes of fine Roquefort, strawberry, and chocolate fudge.
Intoxicatingly (though cleanly) fruit-toned. Raspberry coulis, halvah, plumeria, pink peppercorn, lemon verbena in aroma and cup. Richly sweet-tart structure with bright, high-toned acidity; delicate, silky smooth mouthfeel. The finish maintains the tart-sweetness of the cup, while intensifying its herby citrus.
Richly spicy, musky, chocolaty. Mexican chocolate (cocoa nib, vanilla, cinnamon, sugar), dried parsley, nutmeg, musk in aroma and cup. Crisp and piquant in structure; light, silky mouthfeel. The impressive finish is drying yet quite sweet, saturated with chocolate, cinnamon and musk suggestions.
Intense, original, sweet-spicy. Walnut, gardenia, clove, sandalwood, ripe lemon, a hint of yogurt-like tartness in aroma and cup. Balanced and sweetly pungent in structure. A clove-toned spice lifts and invigorates an otherwise heavyish finish. 
Intense, spicy-sweet, chocolaty. Mexican chocolate (cocoa nib, vanilla, cinnamon, sugar), oak, orange zest, juniper berry or a light whiff of gin in aroma and cup. Sweet but crisp and balanced in structure, with a savory bottom. Light, though quite syrupy, mouthfeel. Cinnamon dominates in the short finish, but cocoa comes forward in a sweet and long-lasting finish.
Bright, intensely pungent, oddly engaging. Spearmint, blueberry, fresh yogurt, sweet cocoa, musk in aroma and cup. Tart and bittersweet in structure; in mouthfeel, syrupy and plush. The finish consolidates richly around suggestions of sweet cocoa and fresh yogurt, with a very slight suggestion of earthy decay. 
Sweet, heavy, musky and perfumy. Elderflowers, fresh cilantro, strawberry-flavored yogurt, lime, musk in aroma and cup. Intensely sweet in structure but balanced by a distinctly crisp, bitter edge. Light, satiny mouthfeel. Flavor consolidates in a sweet though drying finish. 
Richly sweet-savory, spice- and floral-toned. Black cherry, tangerine zest, gardenia, marjoram, a hint of bay leaf in aroma and cup. In structure, sweet-tart and juicy with a savory depth. Syrupy and plush in mouthfeel; spicy flowers lead in a quietly flavor-saturated finish.    
Richly sweet-savory. Black tea, dried lavender, baking chocolate, fresh peach, fresh sugarcane in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart-savory structure with rich, vibrant acidity; plump, syrupy mouthfeel. The gentle finish centers around savory notes of black tea with sugarcane and a hint of lavender.
Sweetly tart, very lightly fermenty. Chocolate liqueur, lime zest, hints of peach and strawberry, mint, cedar in aroma and cup. Very sweet but crisply bitter/tart in structure; light, plushly buoyant mouthfeel. Drying but deep in the finish, with pleasing liqueur-like chocolate notes persisting.
Evaluated as espresso. Richly chocolaty and floral-toned. Chocolate fudge, gardenia, almond, cedar, molasses in aroma and small cup. Crisp, satiny mouthfeel; finish consolidates to notes of chocolate fudge and gardenia with cedar undertones. In three parts milk, chocolate and gardenia notes are further amplified with hints of cedar and almond, as well.
Roundly bright, flowers and cocoa. Baking chocolate, passionfruit, roasted pecan, molasses, honeysuckle in aroma and cup. Delicately but intensely sweet-tart but poised in structure; light but very silky/supple in mouthfeel. Flavor consolidates in a sweet though drying finish. 
Bright, richly sweet-savory. Blackberry, jasmine, oak, cocoa nib, pink peppercorn in aroma and cup. Sweetly savory structure with lively, juicy acidity; satiny-smooth mouthfeel. The flavor-saturated finish leads with blackberry and jasmine in the short; pink peppercorn and cocoa nib resurface in the long.
Sweet and savory, with intriguingly deep wood-framed pungency. Scorched sandalwood, black peppercorn, toffee, red currant, dried marjoram, wisteria-like flowers in aroma and cup. Roast-framed, deeply rich, sweet and savory yet crisply juicy in structure. Full, syrupy mouthfeel. The finish consolidates to sweet toffee, rich sandalwood, and marjoram in the long.
Deeply and richly sweet, cocoa-toned. Baker’s chocolate, fig cookie, agave syrup, oak, freesia-like flowers in aroma and cup. Richly sweet structure with brisk acidity; full, creamy mouthfeel. Resonant finish centers around baking chocolate and freesia.
Richly sweet-tart; citrusy and bright. Lime zest, magnolia, cedar, almond, maple syrup in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart in structure with high-toned, vibrant acidity; crisp, satiny-smooth mouthfeel. The finish consolidates to notes of lime zest and magnolia with undertones of maple syrup.
Crisp, bright, savory-sweet. Cashew brittle, lemon blossom, tamarind, cedar, herbed goat cheese in aroma and cup. Tart-savory structure with brisk acidity; lightly satiny mouthfeel. The finish resonates with notes of citrus, sweet nuts and herbs.
Brightly fruit-toned, tropical, and aromatically vibrant. Lychee, passionfruit, dark chocolate, frankincense, star jasmine in aroma and cup. Deeply sweet-tart structure with high-toned, juicy acidity; lush, syrupy mouthfeel. Resounding flavor-saturated finish with layer after layer of fruit far into the long. 
Crisply sweet, cocoa-toned. Cocoa powder, lime zest, almond butter, freesia-like flowers, oak in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart structure with pert acidity; satiny-smooth mouthfeel. The quiet finish centers around cocoa and almond.
Richly sweet, vibrantly bright. Pink grapefruit zest, cocoa nib, apricot, hazelnut, cedar in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with pert acidity; delicately silky mouthfeel. The gentle finish centers around notes of apricot and cocoa nib supported by rich hazelnut and hints of cedar.
Crisply sweet, cleanly fruit-toned. Dried strawberry, cocoa nib, honeysuckle, agave syrup, cedar in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart structure with crisp, apple-like acidity; satiny-smooth mouthfeel. The quiet finish evokes dried strawberry and wood-framed honeysuckle.
Richly and cleanly fruit-toned, chocolaty. Dried fig, chocolate fudge, molasses, oak, narcissus-like flowers in aroma and cup. Deeply sweet-tart in structure with high-toned, crisp acidity; full, creamy mouthfeel. The resonant flavor-saturated finish centers around fig and chocolate suggestions.
Evaluated as espresso. Bright, sweetly tart, cleanly fruit-forward. Raspberry, chocolate fudge, sandalwood, narcissus, almond butter in aroma and small cup. Full, syrupy mouthfeel, resonant, flavor-saturated finish. In cappuccino scaled milk, this attractive natural-processed coffee reads like trifle dessert: raspberry with dark chocolate. 
Deeply sweet, crisply herb-toned. Lemon verbena, plum, baking chocolate, hazelnut, honeysuckle in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart structure with brisk acidity; full, syrupy mouthfeel. Resonant finish with lemon verbena and baking chocolate front and center.
Richly sweet-savory, vibrant. Cocoa nib, red currant, cedar, maple syrup, magnolia-like flowers in aroma and cup. Sweet, savory-edged structure with bright acidity; crisp yet velvety mouthfeel. Cocoa dominates in the finish, supported by red currant and cedar.
Crisply sweet, nut-toned. Almond, caramel, freesia, green apple, cedar in aroma and cup. Sweet structure with brisk acidity; velvety-smooth mouthfeel. Finish consolidates to almond and caramel tones.
Richly sweet berry-toned. Ripe strawberry, lilac, sandalwood, cocao nib, hint of thyme in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with gentle, round acidity; full, syrupy mouthfeel. Cocoa-toned sandalwood characterizes the resonant finish.
Rich-toned, chocolaty. Baking chocolate, hazelnut, plum, molasses, cedar in aroma and cup. Bittersweet structure with vibrant, juicy acidity; delicate, silky mouthfeel. Quiet, cocoa-toned finish.
Deeply sweet, resonantly savory, exceptionally vibrant. Apricot, honeysuckle, cannabis, wild honey, fresh-cut oak in aroma and cup. Sweet-umami in structure with crisp, bright acidity; lively malic acidity. The balanced finish leads with notes of honeysuckle and cannabis with undertones of wild honey.
Rich-toned, crisply sweet. Passionfruit, agave syrup, narcissus, dark chocolate, sandalwood in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart structure with bright, juicy acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel. The long, flavor-saturated finish centers around notes of passionfruit, dark chocolate and sandalwood.
Evaluated as espresso. Richly sweet with savory complexity. Passionfruit, dark chocolate with coconut, pink peppercorn, moist pipe tobacco, rhododendron in aroma and small cup. Very light, satiny, tart mouthfeel. Crisp finish consolidates to notes of tobacco and pink peppercorn. In three parts milk, the rich savory elements resonate with attractive earthy nuance.
Crisply sweet, cocoa-toned. Cocoa powder, date, hazelnut, freesia, cedar in aroma and cup. Sweet in structure with gentle, round acidity; crisp, satiny mouthfeel. Quiet finish with notes of cocoa powder, date and cedar.
Evaluated as espresso. Sweetly tart, fruit-toned and floral. Pomegranate, narcissus, sandalwood, molasses, an intriguing hint of cayenne in aroma and small cup. Plush, syrupy mouthfeel; resonant, flavor-saturated finish. Three parts milk tempers and rounds the tart fruit notes, while florals remain deep and pungent.
Evaluated as espresso. Attractively roast-prominent, deeply sweet and complex. Scorched cedar, baking chocolate, blackberry jam, blood orange zest, marjoram, violet-like flowers in aroma and small cup. Lightly creamy, almost fluffy mouthfeel. Finish consolidates around an herb-toned chocolate enveloped in a smoky resonance. In three parts milk, intensely sweet and aromatically vibrant, supported by a rich, smoky depth.
Evaluated as espresso. Quietly perfumed, richly dry and tart. Scorched cedar, baking chocolate, dried mulberry, wisteria, almond paste in aroma and small cup. Crisp, lightly satiny mouthfeel. The finish is sweetly roast-toned and redolent with aromatic cedar notes. Rich cocoa and delicate florals animate the roast-toned milk shot.
Evaluated as espresso. Charred oak, baking chocolate, calla lily, browned butter and black cherry in aroma and small cup. Crisp, lightly velvety mouthfeel; the finish consolidates to cocoa-toned black cherry. In three parts milk, calla lily-like flowers and baking chocolate are amplified, while black cherry notes resurface in the long finish.
Evaluated as espresso. Richly sweet, chocolaty and floral. Narcissus, dark chocolate, cedar, black cherry, almond paste in aroma and small cup. Full, syrupy mouthfeel; resonant, chocolaty finish. In three parts milk, chocolate and narcissus notes bloom, and almond paste with hints of cedar balance the lyrical sweetness at the top.
Crisply sweet, fruit-toned. Raspberry, fresh-cut fir, maple syrup, cocoa powder, freesia-like flowers in aroma and cup. Sweet in structure with brisk acidity; satiny-smooth mouthfeel. Gently drying finish centers around quiet notes of raspberry and fir.
Bizarre, beautiful, shocking, intricate. Tropical fruit (lychee, passionfruit), sweet herb (clove, cilantro, dill, spearmint), dark chocolate, musk, yogurt. In structure quite sweet, roundly tart (think unsweetened yogurt), deeply savory. Lightly syrupy in mouthfeel. Passionfruit, chocolate, dill all make distinct appearances in the drying but sweetly and richly complex finish.
Crisply sweet, richly tart-savory. Dried apricot, marjoram, wild honey, oak, narcissus in aroma and cup. Balanced sweet-tart structure with vibrant, juicy acidity; satiny-smooth mouthfeel. The finish consolidates to dried apricot and marjoram with undertones of honey.
Deeply and richly sweet, resonantly juicy. Red currant, lavender, dark chocolate, sandalwood, fine musk in aroma and cup. Sweet-savory structure with vibrant, lively acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel. Both the aromatics and poised structure carry far into the finish with finesse and persistence. 
High-toned, sweetly tart. Maple syrup, almond butter, dried apricot, cocoa nib, baking spices in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with pert acidity; velvety-smooth mouthfeel. The flavor-saturated finish centers on maple syrup and dried apricot in the short and cocoa-toned almond butter in the long, with a hint of baking spices.
Rich-toned, sweetly savory, vibrant. Cocoa nib, black currant, myrrh, apricot, hop flowers in aroma and cup. Sweet, savory-edged structure with brisk acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel. The resonant finish centers around apricot and hop flowers in the short, cocoa nib and myrrh in the long.
Delicate, berry-toned, richly sweet. Raspberry, honey, narcissus-like flowers, cedar, almond butter in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart structure with juicy, high-toned acidity; lively, full mouthfeel. Resonant, flavor-saturated finish consolidates to notes of raspberry and almond, supported by sweet floral hints.
Richly sweet, deeply savory. Red currant, hop flowers, fresh-cut cedar, tamarind, spearmint in aroma and cup. Bright, sweet-savory structure with lively acidity; full, velvety mouthfeel. The short finish is flavor-saturated, consolidating in the long to notes of red currant and spearmint.
Deeply sweet, richly nut-toned. Hazelnut butter, magnolia-like flowers, crisp pear, cedar, agave syrup in aroma and cup. Sweet in structure with gentle, round acidity; syrupy-smooth mouthfeel. The finish consolidates to deep nut and rich aromatic wood.
Delicately sweet, bright-toned. Lemon zest, rhododendron, baking chocolate, fresh-cut fir, molasses in aroma and cup. Gentle, lively acidity; light, satiny mouthfeel. Lemon zest and chocolate carry into a sweet, gently drying finish. 
Sweetly tart, high-toned. Lime zest, almond, cherry, cedar, apple blossom in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with pert acidity; full, satiny mouthfeel. The finish is crisp and citrusy, redolent of lime zest.
Evaluated as espresso. Richly chocolaty, floral-toned. Chocolate fudge, gardenia, lightly singed fir, cashew, date in aroma and small cup. Velvety-smooth mouthfeel; gently drying, chocolaty, wood-framed finish. Gardenia and chocolate fudge are amplified in three parts milk, while wood notes recede.
Delicate, sweet-toned. Apricot, fresh-cut fir, magnolia, hazelnut, cocoa powder in aroma and cup. Sweet in structure with lively acidity; velvety mouthfeel. The finish is richly drying with notes of hazelnut, fir and cocoa powder.
Crisply sweet, citrus- and cocoa-toned. Cocoo nib, pink grapefruit zest, cedar, narcissus, plum in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with high-toned, lively acidity; full, satiny mouthfeel. The finish consolidates to notes of citrus-toned cocoa and narcissus.
Richly sweet-savory. Pomegranate, fine musk, nougat, cedar, a hint of marjoram in aroma and cup. Savory-sweet structure with round, gentle acidity; full, satiny-smooth mouthfeel. Finish consolidates to nougat and pomegranate in the short with musk returning in the long. 
Evaluated as espresso. Ultra-rich, chocolaty, deep musky resonance. Perique pipe tobacco, salted chocolate fudge, candied fig, pink grapefruit zest, lavender, fresh earth after a rain in aroma and small cup. Thick, velvety mouthfeel. The short finish consolidates around rich tobacco and cocoa with delicate floral hints and earthy depth in the long. Deeply sweet and satisfying in three parts milk; flavor saturates the milk with impressive continuity and vivacity. 
Floral-toned, bright, citrusy. Star jasmine, bergamot, sandalwood, maple syrup, baking chocolate in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with crisp, juicy acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel. Cocoa-toned finish with undertones on bergamot and star jasmine.
Cocoa-toned, deeply and richly sweet. Cocoa nib, lemon blossom, black currant, hazelnut butter, cedar in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart structure with bright, vibrant acidity; creamy-full mouthfeel. Finish consolidates to notes of cocoa and black currant.
Rich-toned, chocolaty. Dark chocolate, narcissus-like flowers, date, cedar, blood orange zest in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned structure with balanced acidity; plush, creamy mouthfeel. The rich, long finish centers on dark chocolate bordering on fudge and exceptionally sweet florals.
Delicate, berry-toned, deeply sweet. Wild strawberry, honey, freesia-like flowers, oak, almond paste in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart structure with juicy, high-toned acidity; lively, silky mouthfeel. Resonant, flavor-saturated finish sustains all of the notes from the cup, wild strawberry and almond in particular.
Delicate, floral-toned. Narcissus-like flowers, honey, cocoa nib, apricot, fresh-cut cedar in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with juicy, vibrant acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel. The rich, floral-laden finish is rife with supporting notes of apricot and cocoa nib.
High-toned, richly fruit-forward, balanced. Strawberry guava, jasmine, cocoa nib, sandalwood, pink grapefruit zest in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with crisp, bright acidity; vibrantly plush, syrupy mouthfeel. The resonant finish centers around guava and jasmine notes with undertones of cocoa nib.
Deeply sweet, subtly tart, nuanced. Ripe blueberry, freesia-like flowers, almond, fresh-cut cedar, nougat in aroma and cup. Sweetly fruit-toned structure with round acidity; full, syrupy mouthfeel. Finish consolidates to notes of blueberry and nougat with undertones of cedar. 
High-toned, crisply sweet-tart. Plum, bergamot, cedar, freesia-like flowers, maple syrup in aroma and cup. Vibrant, sweetly tart structure with juicy acidity; crisp, satiny mouthfeel. The long-lasting finish consolidates to notes of plum and bergamot with undertones of cedar and maple syrup.
Cocoa-toned, richly sweet. Cocoa nib, apricot, orange zest, cedar, magnolia in aroma and cup. Sweet in structure with crisp, balanced acidity; smooth, silky mouthfeel. Cocoa notes are the throughline in the finish, with hints of apricot and orange zest in the long.
Richly sweet, balanced. Orange zest, baking chocolate, black tea, pear, oak in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart in structure with brisk acidity; satiny-smooth mouthfeel. The resonant though tannic finish is carried by notes of baking chocolate and fresh-cut cedar.
Crisp, sweetly nut-toned. Hazelnut butter, magnolia, molasses, date, gently scorched cedar in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned structure with gentle, round acidity; velvety mouthfeel. The rich though drying finish centers around nut and cedar notes.
Roast-prominent, chocolaty, wood-framed. Dark chocolate, lily-like flowers, raisin, scorched fir, brown sugar in aroma and cup. Sweet-savory structure with mild acidity; full, satiny mouthfeel. The gently drying, chocolaty finish is supported by smoky fir and raisin notes.
Richly sweet-savory, deeply chocolaty. Dark chocolate, fine musk, black cherry, gently scorched cedar, wisteria in aroma and cup. Sweet-savory structure with gentle, rounded acidity; full, creamy mouthfeel. The chocolaty finish is given further depth by suggestions of black cherry and musk, all ensconced in a gently smoky cedar.
Delicate, high-toned, crisply sweet. Red currant, blackberry, cedar, cocoa nib, maple syrup in aroma and cup. Deeply sweet structure with lively, vibrant acidity; crisp yet velvety mouthfeel. The finish leads with notes of red currant and blackberry in the short, with cocoa nib and cedar resurfacing in the long.
Richly fruit- and cocoa-toned. Blueberry, tamarind, chocolate fudge, oak, freesia-like flowers in aroma and cup. Richly sweet-tart structure with brisk acidity; very syrupy mouthfeel. Crisp, chocolaty finish with undertones of blueberry and oak.
Crisply sweet, rich-toned. Pear, baking chocolate, magnolia, fresh-cut fir, almond butter in aroma and cup. Deeply sweet structure with gentle acidity; plush, syrupy, yet lively mouthfeel. Cocoa-toned finish with pretty notes of magnolia and fresh-cut fir.
Crisply sweet, richly chocolaty. Date, grapefruit zest, baking chocolate, pink peppercorn, hazelnut in aroma and cup. Bittersweet structure with brisk acidity; full, velvety mouthfeel. The quietly flavor-saturated finish centers around baking chocolate and grapefruit.
Spice-toned, deeply sweet. Blueberry, lavender, fresh-cut cedar, molasses, baking spices in aroma and cup. Richly sweet structure with lively acidity; satiny-smooth mouthfeel. Quiet, sweetly spice-toned finish.
Deeply fruit- and spice-toned, richly sweet. Dark chocolate, cranberry sauce, hop flowers, cedar, molasses in aroma and cup. Sweet structure with gentle acidity; full, creamy mouthfeel. Richly drying finish, with cranberry in the short, cedar and molasses in the long, and dark chocolate throughout.
High-toned, crisply sweet-tart. Green apple, cocoa nib, honeysuckle, elm, agave syrup in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart structure with pert acidity; satiny-smooth mouthfeel. The cocoa-toned finish is supported by notes of crisp apple and a hint of honeysuckle.
Very roast-prominent, chocolaty and spiced-toned. Chocolate, charred mesquite, date, baking spices, dark caramel in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned structure with a bitter edge; full though drying mouthfeel. The finish, while sweet, is dominated by burned wood notes that obscure the underlying chocolate and fruit.
Evaluated as espresso. Bright, sweetly tart, high-toned. Black cherry, chocolate fudge, almond butter, freesia-like flowers, sandalwood in aroma and small cup. Crisp, satiny mouthfeel; resonant fruit-toned finish. Particularly floral-saturated in three parts milk, with dark chocolate and cherry undertones.
Rich-toned, fruit-forward, deeply sweet. Strawberry jam, cocoa nib, ginger flower, fresh-cut fir, maple syrup in aroma and cup. Sweet in structure with brisk acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel. The resonant finish centers on strawberry and cocoa notes supported by spice-toned florals.
Delicately sweet-tart, nut-toned. Hazelnut, lime zest, baking chocolate, date, fresh-cut oak in aroma and cup. Sweet in structure with round, gentle acidity; full, velvety mouthfeel. Finish consolidates to notes of hazelnut and lime zest with undertones of baking chocolate. 
Cocoa- and fruit-driven. Dark chocolate, dried apricot, gently scorched oak, lime zest, gardenia in aroma and cup. Sweet in structure with gentle, round acidity; lightly syrupy mouthfeel. The finish consolidates to wood-framed dark chocolate and dried apricot. 
Musk-toned, fruit-forward. Passion fruit, fine musk, dark chocolate, watermelon candy, pink grapefruit zest in aroma and cup. High-toned, sweetly tart structure with juicy, vibrant acidity; creamy, plush mouthfeel. The flavor-saturated finish centers around notes of passion fruit and fine musk.
High-toned, richly sweet-tart. Dried apricot, tangerine zest, almond, narcissus-like flowers, cedar in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart in structure with balanced, juicy acidity; crisp yet syrupy mouthfeel. The finish is richly bittersweet and long, centered on notes of tangerine zest and cedar.
Delicate, crisply sweet. Pear, lilac, cocoa nib, maple syrup, oak in aroma and cup. Deeply sweet structure with vibrant acidity; satiny-smooth mouthfeel. The quiet, cocoa-toned finish is animated by suggestions of pear and maple syrup.
Vibrantly sweet, resonantly floral, cocoa-toned. Lavender, cocoa nib, kumquat, fine musk, toffee in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart structure with bright, juicy acidity; crisp yet syrupy mouthfeel. Flavor-saturated finish that sustains each note from the cup in long, ringing clarity. 
Delicate, complex, multi-layered. Bergamot, dark chocolate, nougat, narcissus, cedar in aroma and cup. Richly sweet-savory structure with citrusy acidity; full, syrupy mouthfeel. The floral- and fruit-driven finish is supported by chocolate and aromatic wood notes.
Evaluated as espresso. Richly sweet, deeply chocolaty, gently smoky. Persimmon, dark chocolate, almond butter, gardenia, gently scorched oak in aroma and small cup. Crisp, velvety mouthfeel; resonant finish centered around chocolate and almond notes with a hint of scorched oak. In cappuccino-scaled milk, chocolate and almond notes are highlighted with sweet persimmon as backdrop.
Richly sweet, deeply chocolaty. Chocolate fudge, red currant, wisteria, cedar, agave syrup in aroma and cup. Crisp, sweetly tart structure with vibrant, juicy acidity; plush, viscous mouthfeel. Quiet finish centered around notes of chocolate, wisteria and cedar.
Crisply sweet, delicately tart. Pomegranate, grapefruit zest, magnolia, elm, maple syrup in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with brisk acidity; satiny-smooth mouthfeel. Rich-toned finish with notes of pomegranate and magnolia in the short and maple syrup in the long.
Delicately sweet, floral toned. Narcissus, plum, cedar, cocoa nib, almond in aroma and cup. Deeply sweet in structure with gentle, rounded acidity; full, satiny mouthfeel. Crisp, richly drying finish with notes of narcissus and cocoa nib.
Rich-toned, deeply sweet. Date, magnolia, hazelnut, cedar, agave syrup in aroma and cup. Sweet in structure with round, gentle acidity; satiny-smooth mouthfeel. Finish consolidates to notes of date, hazelnut and cedar.
Sweetly wood-framed, spice-toned. Fresh-cut fir, date, baking chocolate, freesia, black peppercorn in aroma and cup. Sweet structure with low-toned acidity; velvety mouthfeel. Wood-framed finish supported by notes of date and baking chocolate.
Richly sweet, roast-rounded. Dark chocolate, gardenia, gently scorched cedar, red plum, hazelnut in aroma and cup. Sweet structure with little discernible acidity; full, creamy mouthfeel. A chocolate-driven finish is supported by notes dark chocolate, gardenia and hazelnut.
Cocoa-toned, crisply sweet. Baking chocolate, golden raisin, magnolia, almond, cedar in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned structure with brisk acidity; satiny-smooth mouthfeel. Quiet finish that leads with baking chocolate and magnolia in the short, raisin and almond in the long.
Deep, sweet, chocolaty. Chocolate fudge, black cherry, fresh-cut fir, hibiscus blossom, brown sugar in aroma and small cup. Sweet-tart structure with crisp, apple-like acidity; velvety-smooth mouthfeel. Gently drying finish with a chocolate throughline and fir undertones.
Sweetly roast-framed, cocoa-toned. Cocoa powder, dried date, gently scorched oak, lily, cashew in aroma and cup. Bittersweet structure with little perceptible acidity; full, velvety mouthfeel. Cocoa-driven finish with undertones of date and scorched oak.
Crisp, sweetly nut-toned. Hazelnut, red apple, cocoa nib, pink peppercorn, fresh-cut fir in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned structure with crisp, gentle acidity; full, satiny mouthfeel. Finish consolidates to hazelnut and fir with a hint of red apple.
Cleanly fruit-toned, aromatic wood-framed. Strawberry, sandalwood, almond butter, freesia-like flowers, maple syrup in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with crisp, fruity acidity; delicate, silky mouthfeel. 
Cocoa- and citrus-toned. Orange zest, cocoa powder, magnolia, almond, oak in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with brisk acidity; full, satiny mouthfeel. Wood-framed finish with supporting notes of orange zest and cocoa powder.
Balanced, sweet-toned. Baking chocolate, almond, date, molasses, magnolia in aroma and cup. Bittersweet structure with little perceptible acidity; satiny-smooth mouthfeel. A rather muted finish centers around almond and baking chocolate. 
Rich-toned, chocolaty. Dark chocolate, cedar, rhododendron, date, sassafras in aroma and cup. Bittersweet structure with gently tart acidity; light, silky mouthfeel. A quiet finish consolidates around notes of dark chocolate and rhododendron.
Crisply sweet, cocoa-toned. Cocoa powder, scorched fir, raisin, hazelnut, a sweet-sour yogurt-like hint in aroma and cup. Bittersweet structure with pert acidity; smooth mouthfeel. Cocoa-toned finish with undertones of scorched fir and raisin.
Sweetly nut-toned, roasty. Hazelnut, baking chocolate, gently scorched cedar, gardenia, prune in aroma and cup. Bittersweet structure with barely perceptible acidity; thinnish mouthfeel. The finish consolidates to hazelnut and scorched cedar with a hint of baking chocolate.
Roast-dominant, smoky-sweet. Dark chocolate, burned mesquite, lily, prune, fresh earth in aroma and cup. Bittersweet structure with barely perceptible acidity; heavy, smooth mouthfeel. Persistent dark chocolate notes lift a rather bitter, earthy finish.
Deeply and sweetly pungent; layered and intricate. Dark chocolate, raspberry, freesia, port wine, a hint of fresh, fragrant tobacco in aroma and cup. Balanced, quietly forceful in its sweet-savory structure; light but exceptionally silky in mouthfeel. All notes ring on in a layered, flavor-saturated finish.
Crisply sweet, fruit- and floral toned. Nectarine, jasmine, cocoa nib, sandalwood, maple syrup in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart structure with juicy, lively acidity; crisp, silky mouthfeel. Resonant finish centered around nectarine and cocoa nib.
Evaluated as espresso. Sweetly nut-toned, chocolaty, a bit smoky. Hazelnut, dark chocolate, scorched mesquite, raisin, gardenia in aroma and small cup. Satiny-smooth mouthfeel; bittersweet, smoky finish. In three parts milk, chocolate and gardenia notes are amplified and wood and nut tones recede to the backdrop.
Balanced, rich-toned. Pomegranate, baking chocolate, cedar, freesia, almond in aroma and cup. Sweet structure with brisk acidity; satiny-smooth mouthfeel. Wood-framed finish supported by notes of pomegranate and freesia.
Richly sweet, cocoa-toned. Cocoa powder, Brazil nut, magnolia, date, cedar in aroma and cup. Bittersweet structure with round, gentle acidity; velvety mouthfeel. Finish consolidates to cocoa-toned Brazil nut and date.
Richly sweet-tart, floral-toned. Pomegranate, wisteria, maple syrup, pink grapefruit zest, cocoa nib in aroma and cup. Tart-leaning structure with juicy, buoyant acidity; crisp, satiny mouthfeel. Sweetly tart in the short finish with pomegranate and pink grapefruit; cocoa nib and wisteria resurface in the long.
High-toned, crisply sweet-tart. Strawberry, tangerine zest, cocoa nib, jasmine, cedar in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart structure with juicy, citrus-like acidity; viscous, buoyant mouthfeel. The finish centers around notes of strawberry and cocoa nib with undertones of tangerine zest.
Evaluated as espresso. Complex, richly sweet-savory. Jasmine, dark chocolate, cannabis flower, almond paste, tamarind in aroma and small cup. Viscous, syrupy body; long, richly drying, flavor-saturated mouthfeel. In cappuccino-scaled milk, floral and savory notes (jasmine, cannabis) play harmoniously, supported by dark chocolate.
Rich-toned, deeply sweet-savory. Tamarind, freesia, candycap mushroom, cedar, agave syrup in aroma and cup. Savory-sweet structure with juicy, vibrant acidity; smooth, satiny mouthfeel. The resonant finish centers on notes of tamarind and freesia with savory undertones suggesting candy cap mushroom.
Bright, vibrant, sweetly tart. Apricot, pink grapefruit zest, jasmine, oak, cocoa nib in aroma and cup. High-toned, sweet-tart in structure with juicy acidity; satiny mouthfeel. The crisp, long finish leads with notes of apricot and grapefruit supported by cocoa nib.
Richly fruit-centered, deeply sweet. Dried blueberry, magnolia, cashew, cedar, baking chocolate in aroma and cup. Sweet in structure with gentle, round acidity; full, velvety mouthfeel. A fruit-toned finish that leads with blueberry and magnolia in the short, cedar in the long, and baking chocolate throughout.
Pungent, sweet-savory, big-bodied. Grapefruit, dark chocolate, cedar, sarsaparilla, ginger blossom in aroma and cup. Sweetly brisk in structure; full, velvety mouthfeel. Flavor consolidates in a simple but richly resonant finish.
Sweet, quietly intense, floral-toned. Rose, sandalwood, cashew, lemon verbena, a hint of mace in aroma and cup. Crisp and balanced in structure; silky mouthfeel. Flowers carry on deep into the finish.
Evaluated as espresso. Sweetly and roundly brisk. Blood orange, baking chocolate, walnut, cedar, a hint of sweet, wisteria-like flowers in aroma and small cup. Velvety mouthfeel; chocolate and the floral hint come forward in a balanced finish. In three parts milk, a cedary chocolate pleasingly dominates.
Sweet, soft, gently tart-pungent. Buttery dark chocolate, cashew butter, lemon drop, date, orange blossom in aroma and cup. Balanced and roundly complete in taste structure; syrupy but buoyant in mouthfeel. Chocolate and lemon in particular persist in a deep, lasting finish.
Nuanced, richly sweet, spice-toned. Mulberry, baking spices, hop flowers, toffee, cedar in aroma and small cup. Sweet-savory structure with juicy, vibrant acidity; lush, syrupy mouthfeel. The finish is long and resonant, centered around toffee and baking spices.
Rich-toned, chocolaty. Dark chocolate, red currant, freesia, clove, molasses in aroma and cup. Sweet structure with gentle, round acidity; full, satiny mouthfeel. A quiet finish leads with chocolate and magnolia notes in the short, clove and molasses in a gently drying long.
Evaluated as espresso. Crisply sweet, floral-toned. Molasses, plumeria, fir, date, orange zest in aroma and small cup. Full, creamy body; deeply sweet floral- and citrus-toned finish. In three parts milk, the molasses notes are amplified, as are plumeria and fir.
Delicate, crisply sweet-tart. Mango, cedar, cocoa nib, sugar cane, a hint of honeysuckle in aroma and cup. Sweet in structure with crisp, citrusy acidity; lightly silky mouthfeel. Martini-like finish, very crisp and dry.
Soft, deep, crisply chocolaty. Baking chocolate, pistachio, black cherry, candied pecan, a hint of black peppercorn in aroma and cup. Roundly sweet-savory in structure; full, syrupy mouthfeel. Pecan in particular carries into a quiet, layered finish.
Rich, roundly bittersweet. Nutmeg, peach, caramel, spicy chocolate, carnation-like flowers in aroma and cup. Balanced and crisp in structure; buoyant and lightly satiny in mouthfeel. Sweet and flavor-saturated in the short finish, tapering to richly drying in the long.
Richly, sweetly tart, deeply chocolaty. Dark chocolate fudge, grape candy, sandalwood, violet, magnolia in aroma and cup. Tartly sweet structure with vibrant, juicy acidity; creamy, plush mouthfeel. The long, resonant finish centers on grape candy and chocolate fudge, with a backgrounded sandalwood.
Evaluated as espresso. Rich-toned, deeply sweet-savory. Black currant, dark chocolate, cedar, tamarind, freesia in aroma and small cup. Lively, syrupy mouthfeel; the resonant finish centers around tamarind, dark chocolate and cedar. Balanced and flavor-saturated in three parts milk; dark chocolate and freesia notes particularly amplified. 
Evaluated as espresso. Delicate, floral-and fruit-toned. Wisteria, dried apricot, sandalwood, almond brittle, molasses in aroma and small cup. Full, syrupy mouthfeel; delicate, long finish. Wisteria and apricot notes sing in three parts milk, balanced by deep almond brittle and molasses with undertones of sandalwood.
 High-toned, crisply sweet-tart. Lemon zest, cocoa nib, freesia-like flowers, apricot, fresh-cut oak in aroma and cup. Tart-leaning structure with juicy, vibrant acidity; crisp, satiny mouthfeel. A resonant finish centers around lemon zest and cocoa nib.
Crisp, delicately sweet-toned. Bergamot, Fig Newton, baking chocolate, magnolia, cedar in aroma and cup. Sweet structure with gentle, round acidity; velvety-smooth mouthfeel. A crisp finish consolidates to notes of baking chocolate, dried fig, and cedar.
Deeply sweet-savory, richly aromatic. Red currant jam, honeysuckle, sandalwood, brown sugar, marjoram in aroma and cup. Sweet structure with savory underpinnings; vivacious, juicy acidity. The finish centers on notes of red currant and sandalwood.
Rich-toned, sweetly savory. Dried apricot, baking chocolate, lily, cedar, toasted barley in aroma and cup. Sweet-savory structure with bright, balanced acidity; full, satiny mouthfeel. A quiet finish consolidates to notes of baking chocolate and lily with undertones of cedar.
Evaluated as espresso. Richly sweet, floral-toned. Tea rose, almond, dark chocolate, date, cedar in aroma and small cup. Crisp, velvety mouthfeel; the resonant finish centers around notes of tea rose and cedar. In three parts milk, both chocolaty and floral, with undertones of aromatic cedar and almond.
Richly sweet, floral- and nut-toned. Magnolia, cashew butter, cedar, maple syrup, red grape in aroma and cup. Sweet structure with gentle, round acidity; full, satiny mouthfeel. Resonant finish centers around suggestions of magnolia and nut-butter.
Crisply sweet, balanced. Apricot, cocoa nib, freesia-like flowers, brown sugar, oak in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart structure with pert, lively acidity; satin-smooth mouthfeel. Finish consolidates to cocoa-toned apricot with undertones of freesia and oak.
Evaluated as espresso. Deeply sweet, pungent. Maraschino cherry, dark chocolate, narcissus, aromatic cedar, cashew in aroma and small cup. Satiny mouthfeel; cherry, chocolate and cashew all carry into a cleanly rich finish. The cherry notes turn gently tart and the chocolate crisp in three parts milk. 
Rich-toned, fruit-forward, sweetly fermenty. Ripe blueberry, dark chocolate, Bourbon barrel, gardenia, molasses in aroma and cup. Sweet in structure with winy acidity; full, lightly syrupy mouthfeel. Resonant, flavor-saturated finish. 
Crisp, nut-toned. Pecan, raisin, ripe banana, brown sugar, a sweet hint of narcissus in aroma and cup. Bittersweet in structure, with a savory edge. Full, almost chewy mouthfeel. Nut notes prevail in a rich though drying finish. 
Intricate, pungent, deeply floral. Peach, pear, honeysuckle, black walnut, musk in aroma and cup. Brisk but very sweet in structure with a savory edge; satiny, lively mouthfeel. Crisp, flavor-saturated finish. 
Evaluated as espresso. Rich-toned, fruit-forward and chocolaty. Chocolate fudge, dried apricot, almond paste, sandalwood, molasses in aroma and small cup. Viscous, syrupy mouthfeel; a resonant finish centers around chocolate fudge and dried apricot. In three parts milk, almost dessert-like in its richness.
Balanced, agreeably round and sweet-toned. Toffee, table grape, pecan, clover blossom, a hint of malted barley in aroma and cup. Very sweet, gently citrusy structure; buoyant, creamy mouthfeel. Pecan and malt last in a crisp finish. 
Crisply sweet, meadowy. Molasses, lilac, wheat grass, fresh cucumber, fresh-cut elm in aroma and cup. Delicately sweet-savory in structure; lightly syrupy in mouthfeel. Fresh, sweet, rather simple finish.
Bright, balanced, aromatically nuanced. Nectarine, cocoa nib, star jasmine, sandalwood, a hint of lychee in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart structure with juicy acidity; lush, syrupy mouthfeel. A resonant, flavor-saturated finish fulfills the balanced, complete promise of the cup. 
Crisply sweet, deep-toned. Hazelnut butter, orange zest, baking chocolate, fresh-cut fir, freesia in aroma and cup. Sweet structure with crisp, citrusy acidity; smooth, satiny mouthfeel. Nut-toned finish with baking chocolate and orange zest as supporting notes.
Richly sweet, chocolaty. Chocolate fudge, scorched cedar, Brazil nut, raisin, lily in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned structure with gentle, round acidity; full satiny mouthfeel. Finish centers around deep chocolate and smoky aromatic wood notes.
Rich-toned, deeply sweet. Milk chocolate, orange blossom, cedar, black tea, almond in aroma and cup. Sweet structure with quiet, gentle acidity; satiny-smooth mouthfeel. The resonant finish leads with notes of orange blossom in the short, cedar in the long, with chocolate throughout.
Deep, chocolaty and citrus-toned. Baking chocolate, lemon zest, magnolia, oak, molasses in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned structure with gentle, round acidity; crisp though velvety mouthfeel. The finish centers around notes of baking chocolate and oak, with subtle floral undertones.
Richly aromatic, levitatingly high-toned. Lychee, passionfruit, dark chocolate, candied violet, sage in aroma and cup. Layered sweet-tart-savory structure with juicy, vibrant acidity; full, syrupy mouthfeel. The resonant finish centers around lychee, dark chocolate and sage.
Delicate, sweetly tart, intricately balanced. Apricot, maple syrup, star jasmine, cedar, almond brittle in aroma and cup. Balanced, sweet-tart structure with high-toned acidity; elegant, silky mouthfeel. The quiet finish consolidates to apricot and almond.
Cleanly fruit-forward. Ripe strawberry, bay (wood and leaf), cocoa nib, freesia-like flowers, pink peppercorn in aroma and cup. Sweet-savory structure with fruity acidity; plush, satiny mouthfeel. The finish is all strawberry, supported by notes of fresh-picked bay leaf.
Deep-toned, richly dry and pungent. Black tea, bergamot, baking chocolate, honeysuckle, oak in aroma and cup. Compelling bittersweet structure with crisp, citrusy acidity; tannic yet voluptuous mouthfeel. Baking chocolate and black tea carry the short finish, with bergamot and oak resurfacing in the long.
Crisply sweet, deep-toned. Cocoa nib, tangerine zest, magnolia, date, maple syrup in aroma and cup. Sweet structure with gentle, round acidity; full, syrupy mouthfeel. The finish consolidates to date and cocoa nib with a hint of tangerine zest.
Rich, deeply sweet-toned. Narcissus, black cherry, cedar, cashew butter, agave syrup in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with gentle, citrusy acidity; smoothly viscous, satiny mouthfeel. The finish resonates with black cherry and narcissus in the short, consolidating to cashew and cedar in the long.
Crisply sweet-tart. Pineapple, baking chocolate, hazelnut, lily, fresh-cut fir in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart structure with pert acidity; crisp, satiny mouthfeel. The finish centers around notes of pineapple and lily with hints of hazelnut.
Sweet-savory, richly layered. Persimmon, dogwood flowers, mesquite, brown sugar, a hint of pipe tobacco in aroma and cup. Sweet structure with brisk acidity; smooth, velvety mouthfeel. The flavor-saturated short finish consolidates to persimmon and pipe tobacco. 
Sweet-toned, balanced. Red currant, almond butter, clove, orange blossom, cedar in aroma and cup. Balanced, bittersweet structure with citrusy acidity; full, satiny mouthfeel. Finish consolidates to red currant and clove.
Rich, complex, multi-layered. Sweet baking spices, cocoa powder, lemon zest, lilac, sandalwood in aroma and cup. Deeply sweet structure with apple-like malic acidity; lush, syrupy mouthfeel. The finish leads with sweet baking spices and cocoa powder.
Deeply fruity, sweetly fermenty, headily floral. Strawberry coulis, brandy, almond butter, toffee, honeysuckle in aroma and cup. Richly sweet-tart structure with juicy, bright acidity; viscous, syrupy mouthfeel. Sustained flavor-saturated finish.
Richly sweet-savory, deep-toned. Date, hop flowers, maple syrup, cedar, cocoa nib in aroma and cup. Bittersweet structure with brisk acidity; full, lightly syrupy mouthfeel. Finish consolidates to cocoa-toned date in the short and cedar-like aromatic wood notes in the long. 
High-toned, sweetly tart. Bing cherry, cocoa nib, honeysuckle, cedar, a hint of thyme in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with bright, juicy acidity. Full, syrupy mouthfeel. The engaging finish leads with notes of cherry and honeysuckle, and cocoa nib resurfaces in the long.
Evaluated as espresso. Sweet, odd, earth-toned. Caramel, orange, pecan, a hint of dark chocolate and a lot of fruit-scented earth--think fallen oranges in a citrus grove--in aroma and small cup. Fluffy mouthfeel. Chocolate comes forward in a sweet though drying finish. Three parts milk further develops the chocolate, while the earth notes persist, particularly in the finish. 
Delicate, richly sweet. Green grape, almond, black tea, oak, freesia-like flowers in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned structure with gentle, round acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel. A quiet, satisfying finish sustains all of the aroma and flavor notes of the cup.
Crisp, sweetly spice-toned. Tangerine zest, date, magnolia, agave syrup, baking chocolate in aroma and cup. Deeply sweet structure with pert acidity; velvety-smooth mouthfeel. Finish leads with notes of tangerine zest and date supported by a baking chocolate throughline.
High-toned, elegant, fruit-centered. Passion fruit, lemon blossom, cocoa nib, marjoram, mesquite in aroma and cup. Deeply sweet structure with citrusy acidity; crisp, satiny mouthfeel. A balanced finish centers around passionfruit and cocoa notes with undertones of savory marjoram.
Spice-toned, richly sweet. Baking spices, caramel, red apple, magnolia, oak in aroma and cup. Sweet structure with brisk acidity; full, satiny mouthfeel. Finish consolidates to notes of baking spices and caramel.
Crisply sweet-tart, floral. Dried apricot, freesia-like flowers, blood orange zest, cocoa nib, brown sugar in aroma and cup. Richly bittersweet structure with gentle, round acidity; full, creamy mouthfeel. The sweet-toned finish leads with dried apricot and cocoa nib in the short , brown sugar in the long.
Rich-toned, fruit-forward, sweetly tart. Pineapple, violet, cocoa nib, cedar, a hint of thyme in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart structure with vivid acidity; full, viscous mouthfeel.The fruit-toned finish leads with pineapple notes in the short, rounding to cocoa tones in the long.
Intensely aromatic, sweet-savory. Dried peach, star jasmine, hop flowers, fresh uncut oak, almond butter in aroma and cup. High-toned, sweet-savory structure with vibrant, juicy acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel. The crisp, resonant finish centers around notes of dried peach and jasmine.
Balanced, crisply sweet. Baking chocolate, tangerine zest, candied walnut, lily, raisin in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned structure with crisp, gently tannic acidity; velvety mouthfeel. The gently drying finish centers around chocolate, raisin and walnut notes.
Richly sweet-tart, high-toned, perfumy. Watermelon candy, lilac, hop flowers, macadamia nut, sandalwood in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart-savory structure with fruit-toned acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel. The fruit-toned finish is anchored by deep sandalwood notes. 
Richly sweet-tart, fruit-toned. Blackberry, grappa barrel, magnolia, molasses, Brazil nut in aroma and cup. Deeply sweet structure with winy acidity; satiny mouthfeel. The crisp finish centers around notes of molasses and grappa barrel.
Crisply sweet, subtly fruit-toned. Cocoa nib, raspberry, cashew, freesia, cedar in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with brisk acidity; velvety mouthfeel. The cocoa-toned finish is supported by notes of cashew and freesia. 
Deep-toned, complex, fruit-forward. Dried mulberry, jasmine, sandalwood, nougat, lime zest in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with high-toned, fruity acidity; full, syrupy mouthfeel. Resonant, flavor-saturated finish.
Richly sweet-savory, floral-toned. Grape candy, narcissus, cocoa nib, tangerine zest, cedar in aroma and cup. Savory leaning structure with bright, juicy acidity; round, creamy mouthfeel.The finish centers around notes of grape candy and cocoa nib.
Sweetly nut-toned, chocolaty. Hazelnut butter, baking chocolate, pink peppercorn, fresh-cut fir, graham cracker in aroma and cup. Sweet structure with gentle acidity; satiny-smooth mouthfeel. The nut-toned finish is supported by aromatic wood and peppercorn.
Richly cocoa- and spice-toned, deeply sweet. Cocoa nib, mandarin, nougat, freesia-like flowers, clove in aroma and cup. Sweet structure with crisp, lively acidity; syrupy-smooth mouthfeel. The cocoa-laden finish leads with mandarin and nougat notes in the short, clove in the long.
Sweetly-spiced toned, deeply rich. Caramel, bergamot flower, fig newton, candied apple, cedar in aroma and cup. Richly bittersweet structure with vibrant acidity; crisp yet velvety mouthfeel. The finish consolidates to notes of bergamot and caramel.
Richly sweet-tart, complex, fruit-toned. Mulberry, cocoa nib, honeysuckle, sandalwood, nougat in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart structure with juicy, vibrant acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel. The resonant finish consolidates to mulberry and cocoa notes.
Crisply sweet, multi-layered, balanced. Brown sugar, orange zest, magnolia, cedar, almond butter in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned structure with brisk acidity; full, syrupy mouthfeel. Finish leads with notes of brown sugar and magnolia in the short, with orange zest and cedar returning in the long.
Fruit-forward, deep-toned. Blueberry jam, dark chocolate, lily, juniper, molasses in aroma and cup. Sweet structure with round, gentle acidity; full, syrupy mouthfeel. The berry-toned finish supported by dark chocolate and crisp juniper notes. 
Crisp, richly sweet-tart. Black cherry, hazelnut, jasmine, baking chocolate, maple syrup in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart structure with pert acidity; smooth, satiny mouthfeel. Black cherry and hazelnut notes carry the resonant finish.
Rich-toned, exceptionally sweet. Blood orange zest, lilac, baking chocolate, pear, cedar in aroma and cup. High-toned, bittersweet structure with juicy, balanced acidity; satiny-smooth mouthfeel. Long, chocolaty, fruit-toned finish.
Richly sweet, caramel-toned. Dark caramel, lemon zest, cedar, hazelnut, lily in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned structure with savory underpinnings; full velvety mouthfeel. Crisp, bittersweet finish with caramel notes throughout, hazelnut in the short, cedar in the long.
Floral, citrusy, delicate yet deeply sweet. Honeysuckle, blood orange, sugar cane, nougat, cocoa nib in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart structure with high-toned, juicy acidity; plush, lively mouthfeel. The crisp finish centers around notes of honeysuckle, blood orange and cocoa nib.
Rich-toned, sweet-savory. Lychee, hop flowers, honey, cedar, cocoa nib in aroma and cup. Sweet-savory structure with crisp, juicy acidity; full, syrupy mouthfeel. Very sweet finish with notes of bittersweet florals akin to hops.
Delicate, balanced, sweet-toned. Plum, fresh-cut fir, hazelnut, baking chocolate, a hint of cardamom in aroma and cup. Crisply sweet structure with brisk acidity; satiny-smooth mouthfeel. Quiet, nut-toned finish.
Richly sweet-toned, floral. Narcissus, baking chocolate, pear, cedar, sugar cane in aroma and cup. Deeply sweet structure with mellow, round acidity; full, syrupy mouthfeel. The finish centers around notes of baking chocolate and almond butter with a hint of narcissus-like flowers throughout.
Rich-toned, chocolaty. Dark chocolate, black cherry, gently scorched oak, molasses, gardenia in aroma and cup. Sweet in structure with very gentle acidity; crisp, velvety mouthfeel. Richly drying finish, resonant with notes of dark chocolate, gardenia and scorched oak.
Deep, intense, sweet-savory, utterly coherent. Intense lavender, black currant, mandarin orange, sandalwood, dark chocolate in aroma and cup. Sweet, tart, savory-bottomed structure with intense, balanced acidity; big, mouth-filling body. The flavor-saturated finish carries over every nuance from the cup.
Very sweet, high-toned, richly floral. Star jasmine, lemon verbena, pineapple, cocoa nib, frankincense in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart structure with juicy, levitating acidity; delicate but syrupy mouthfeel. Crisp, long, floral-toned finish.
Overarchingly sweet, richly savory. Nectarine, sandalwood, marzipan, spearmint, freesia-like flowers in aroma and cup. Deeply sweet structure with a tart, vibrant acidity; nectar-like mouthfeel. Rich-toned finish with marzipan notes lingering into the long.
Paradoxically savory-deep and levitatingly bright. Passion fruit, myrrh, ginseng, wisteria, candycap mushroom in aroma and cup. Balanced sweet-tart-savory structure with lively, engaging acidity. Viscous, almost creamy mouthfeel. Very long, very flavor-saturated, harmonious finish.
Crisply fruit-centered, floral-toned. Mango, cocoa nib, lilac, honey, Meyer lemon in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned structure with lush, elegant acidity; crisply viscous mouthfeel. Balanced, layered finish.
Deeply fruit-toned, richly chocolaty. Candied papaya, black cherry, dark chocolate, honeysuckle, agave syrup in aroma and cup. Tart-leaning structure with high-toned, fruity acidity; smooth, gently tannic mouthfeel. The finish centers on dark chocolate and black cherry.
Sweetly and richly earth-toned. Black currant, cocoa powder, fresh humus, malt, magnolia in aroma and cup. Sweet-savory structure with gentle, round acidity; very smooth, satiny mouthfeel. The resonant finish centers on cocoa and sweet earth notes.
Sweetly fermenty, wine-toned. Lychee, dried raspberry, grappa, dark chocolate fudge, lily in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart structure with crisp, citrusy acidity; delicate, silky-smooth mouthfeel. Finish consolidates to notes of dried raspberry, grappa and dark chocolate.
Delicate, floral, richly spice-toned. Ginger blossom, cocoa nib, bergamot, molasses, a hint of cardamom in aroma and cup. Sweetly savory structure with juicy, citrusy acidity; viscous, super-satiny mouthfeel. Finish leads with ginger blossom and bergamot with undertones of cardamom.
Crisply sweet, floral- and fruit-toned. Peach, narcissus, almond butter, nougat, cedar in aroma and cup. In structure sweetly and gently tart, with a balanced and roundly bright acidity. Satiny, lively mouthfeel. Peach and flowers linger in the finish.
Deeply rich, balanced, fruit- and floral-toned. Tea rose, pomelo, dark chocolate, pie cherry, fresh-cut oak in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with round, fruit-toned acidity; rich, satiny mouthfeel. Tea rose, pie cherry and dark chocolate saturate the resonant finish.
Richly sweet-tart, earth-toned. Blood orange, pipe tobacco, roasted almond, rhododendron, baking chocolate in aroma and cup. Tart-leaning structure with crisp, green-apple-like (malic) acidity; deep, velvety mouthfeel. The richly drying finish consolidates to blood orange and pipe tobacco.
Bold, rich, confident. Strawberry, magnolia, baking chocolate, fresh-cut fir, maple syrup in aroma and cup. Deeply sweet structure with brisk acidity; saturating, satiating mouthfeel. A gentle decrescendo of all cup attributes carries into the pleasing finish.
Cocoa-toned, crisply sweet. Cocoa powder, hazelnut butter, pear, cedar, agave syrup in aroma and cup. Sweet in structure with brisk acidity; velvety mouthfeel. The finish consolidates to notes of hazelnut and pear with undertones of cocoa powder.
Deeply sweet, fruit-forward. Grape candy, dark chocolate, grappa barrel, fresh-cut fir, gardenia in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with gentle acidity; full, satiny mouthfeel. Crisp, dry, chocolaty finish with notes of sweet grape wafting up in the long, as well as sweet alcohol ferment.
Pungent, sweetly tart. Dark chocolate, black currant, lemon blossom, molasses, oak in aroma and cup. Vibrantly sweet-tart in structure; full, velvety mouthfeel. Flavor consolidates to notes of black currant in the finish.
Deep-toned, sweet-savory. Nectarine, narcissus, hop flowers, sandalwood, honey in aroma and cup. Richly sweet structure with gentle, round but engaging acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel. The richly bittersweet finish centers on honey and hop flowers in the short with nectarine returning in the long. 
Richly floral- and nut-toned. Freesia-like flowers, almond brittle, baking chocolate, black cherry, fresh-cut oak in aroma and cup. Deeply sweet structure with tart, lively acidity; full, satiny mouthfeel. Finish consolidates around almond brittle and freesia. 
Deep-toned, richly sweet-savory. Dark chocolate, hop flowers, lychee, sandalwood, almond brittle in aroma and cup. Sweet-savory structure with round, gentle acidity; plush, creamy mouthfeel. The resonant finish is redolent with notes of almond brittle and lychee.
Delicately sweet, high-toned, citrusy. Key lime, cocoa nib, strawberry, freesia-like flowers, cedar in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart structure with juicy, vibrant acidity; lush, creamy mouthfeel. The finish consolidates to sweet fruit notes (berries and citrus) and cocoa nib.
Deeply aromatic, complex, multi-layered. Star jasmine, petrichor, almond nougat, sandalwood, white peach in aroma and cup. Sweet-savory structure with bold, juicy acidity; luscious, silky mouthfeel. The softly round finish evokes almond nougat and star jasmine with a delicately earthy suggestion.
Chocolaty, floral-toned. Dark chocolate, rhododendron-like flowers, hazelnut butter, date, cedar in aroma and cup. Sweet in structure with gentle, round acidity; very full, syrupy mouthfeel. The finish centers around notes of dark chocolate and rhododendron with hints of cedar.
Crisply sweet, bright and lively. Baking chocolate, orange zest, golden raisin, gardenia, molasses in aroma and cup. Bittersweet structure with brisk acidity; satiny-smooth mouthfeel. The finish consolidates around molasses and orange zest in the short, with gardenia resurfacing in the long.
Rich-toned, chocolaty and floral. Baking chocolate, magnolia, agave syrup, hazelnut butter, cedar in aroma and cup. Sweet structure with gentle, round acidity; full, velvety mouthfeel. Finish consolidates to notes of baking chocolate and magnolia in the short, cedar and hazelnut in the crisp long.
Crisply sweet, chocolaty. Dark chocolate, smoky cedar, prune, gardenia, cashew in aroma and cup. Bittersweet structure with virtually no perceptible acidity; lean, gently drying mouthfeel. The finish centers around notes of dark chocolate and smoky cedar.
Sweetly and roundly bright, high-toned, floral. Star jasmine, tangerine zest, red currant, elm, a hint of coriander in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart structure with vibrant, juicy acidity; crisp yet buoyant, syrupy mouthfeel. The richly flavor-saturated finish carries all the notes of the cup straight through into the long, particularly jasmine and red currant.
Sweetly bright, deeply floral. Carnation, caramel, orange zest, pecan, golden raisin in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned structure with brisk, lightly juicy acidity; viscous, syrupy mouthfeel. The finish centers around notes of carnation and pecan.
Richly floral-toned. Baking chocolate, jasmine, tea rose, golden raisin, sandalwood in aroma and cup. Sweet in structure with brisk acidity; velvety-smooth mouthfeel. The crisp finish centers around tea rose and sandalwood notes.
Very sweet; floral and yogurt-like. Pineapple kefir, dark chocolate, cashew, tiger lily, kumquat in aroma and cup. Completely original structure: quite sweet, with a delicately tart character associated with lactic acid fermentation. Lively, crisply round mouthfeel. Richly intricate, layered, flavored-saturated finish.
Richly sweet, floral-toned. Candied violet, almond nougat, maple syrup, date, cocoa nib in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned structure with gentle, round acidity; viscous, satiny mouthfeel. Resonant floral- and cocoa-laden finish.
Sweet, balanced, floral-toned. Jasmine, peach, pistachio, cardamom, cocoa nib in aroma and cup. Deeply sweet structure with savory undertones; plush, satiny mouthfeel. The richly drying finish is led by notes of jasmine in the short, pistachio and cocoa nib in the long.
Deeply sweet, pleasantly herb-toned. Baking chocolate, spearmint, maple syrup, freesia, hazelnut in aroma and cup. Richly bittersweet structure with brisk acidity; crisp, lightly syrupy mouthfeel. The resonant, nut-toned finish centers around notes of baking chocolate and hazelnut.
Deeply sweet, floral-toned. Violet, pineapple, pistachio, baking chocolate, oak in aroma and cup. Roundly sweet structure with gently tart, delicate acidity; plush, very syrupy mouthfeel. Crisp, rich-toned finish.
Deep-toned, fruit-centered, richly aromatic. Dark chocolate, black cherry, star jasmine, oak, almond brittle in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with crisp, lively acidity; plush, viscous mouthfeel. Finish centers around dark chocolate and black cherry.
Richly sweet-savory, deeply aromatic. Black currant, cocoa nib, pink peppercorn, lilac, sandalwood in aroma and cup. Sweet-savory structure with high-toned acidity; viscous, satiny mouthfeel. Resonant, umami-leaning finish with notes of pink peppercorn and sandalwood.
Deep-toned, cocoa- and fruit-driven. Nectarine, cocoa powder, cashew butter, lily, agave syrup in aroma and cup. Sweet in structure with gentle, round acidity; full, syrupy mouthfeel. Sweetly cocoa-toned, nutty finish.
Deeply and richly sweet, quite chocolaty. Dark chocolate, red grape, magnolia, maple syrup, oak in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned structure with bright, lively acidity; smooth, velvety mouthfeel. The pleasing finish consolidates to notes of dark chocolate and magnolia.
Deeply sweet, gently and cleanly fruit-toned. Dried apricot, baking chocolate, lemon verbena, maple syrup, cedar in aroma and cup. Sweet in structure with gentle, round acidity; full syrupy-smooth mouthfeel. Finish consolidates to notes of apricot and lemon verbena in the short, with baking chocolate resurfacing in the long. 
Evaluated as espresso. Deep-toned, richly chocolaty. Chocolate fudge, dried cherry, almond brittle, gardenia, lemon verbena in aroma and small cup. Crisp, satiny mouthfeel; chocolaty, nut-toned finish. Dessert-like in cappuccino-scaled milk with rich notes of chocolate fudge and almond brittle.
Richly chocolaty, deeply sweet. Dark chocolate, freesia-like flowers, crisp pear, vanilla bean, cedar in aroma and cup. Sweet in structure with gentle acidity; velvety-smooth mouthfeel. Quiet, chocolaty finish with notes of pear and cedar.
Evaluated as espresso. Deeply chocolaty, balanced, roast-rounded. Dark chocolate, nectarine, molasses, gently scorched cedar, rhododendron in aroma and small cup. Full, satiny mouthfeel; crisp, chocolaty finish. In three parts milk the dark chocolate notes are amplified, as are the florals
Deep, rich-toned, sweetly smoky. Mexican chocolate (dark chocolate and cinnamon), gently scorched mesquite, raisin, gardenia, roasted hazelnut in aroma and cup. Bittersweet structure with barely perceptible acidity; plush, satiny mouthfeel. The finish consolidates to notes of dark chocolate and gently smoky mesquite.
Deep-toned, chocolaty and rich. Dark chocolate, strawberry guava, hazelnut butter, sandalwood, ginger blossom in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned structure with round, engaging acidity; full, syrupy mouthfeel. Crisply sweet, long finish with notes of dark chocolate, hazelnut and sandalwood.
Fruit-toned, sweetly tart. Ripe raspberry, lemon zest, dark chocolate, cedar, magnolia in aroma and cup. Tart-leaning structure with juicy acidity; full, syrupy mouthfeel. The resonant finish leads with raspberry and citrus notes in the short, modulating to dark chocolate and cedar in the long.
High-toned, richly sweet, delicately tart. Apple blossom, pomegranate, toffee, narcissus, cedar in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with juicy, vibrant acidity; syrupy-smooth mouthfeel. Resonant finish consolidates to toffee and cedar with a hint of narcissus-like flowers in the long.
Richly sweet, complex, multi-layered. Mango, ginseng, cocoa nib, grapefruit marmalade, honeysuckle in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart structure with high-toned, juicy acidity; plush, satiny mouthfeel. Cocoa-toned finish with hints of mango and grapefruit. 
Sweetly earth-toned, deeply floral. Petrichor, honeysuckle, Dark chocolate, petrichor, honeysuckle, nectarine, fine pipe tobacco in aroma and cup. Sweet-savory structure with vibrant, juicy acidity; full, syrupy mouthfeel. Deep, resonant finish consolidates to notes of petrichor and honeysuckle with dark chocolate undertones.
Delicate, sweet, citrus-toned. Cocoa nib, tangerine zest, almond, freesia-like flowers, apricot in aroma and cup. Sweet in structure with pert acidity; full, syrupy mouthfeel. Quiet, easygoing finish with notes of cocoa nib and tangerine zest.
Delicate, fruit-forward. Blueberry, molasses, fresh-cut fir, magnolia, bay leaf in aroma and cup. Sweet structure with tart-leaning, gentle acidity. Velvety mouthfeel. The crisp finish centers around blueberry and fir.
Evaluated as espresso. Expressive, confident, lyrical. Lychee, dark chocolate, star jasmine, sandalwood, Meyer lemon in aroma and small cup. Lively, creamy mouthfeel; balanced, floral- and fruit-toned finish. In three parts milk, a liquid dessert: think fine chocolate and tropical fruit.
Elegant, bright, rich-toned. Cocoa nib, ginger blossom, plum, pink peppercorn, almond butter in aroma and cup. Deeply sweet structure with vibrant acidity; exceptionally syrupy mouthfeel. Aroma and flavor notes carry intact long into the resonant, flavor-laden finish.
Richly sweet, deeply chocolaty. Baking chocolate, crisp pear, orange zest, oak, freesia-like flowers in aroma and cup. Sweet structure with pert acidity; syrupy mouthfeel. Finish consolidates to rich chocolate and freesia-like floral notes.
Evaluated as espresso produced as a ristretto 25ml (.85-ounce) shot using a Nespresso capsule espresso brewer with whole milk heated using a conventional steam wand. Delicate, floral-toned. Honeysuckle, white peach, lime zest, cocoa nib, cedar in aroma and small cup. Silky, buoyant mouthfeel. The elegant finish centers around notes of honeysuckle and lime zest, with cocoa nib lingering into the long. Cappuccino-scaled milk further amplifies floral and chocolate tones.
Fruit-toned, chocolaty. Dark chocolate, dried raspberry, cedar, molasses, lily in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with mild, accessible acidity; satiny-smooth mouthfeel. The fruit-toned finish is supported by notes of dark chocolate and cedar.
Deeply sweet, roast-toned. Dark caramel, gently scorched fir, gardenia, date, a hint of cardamom in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned structure with gentle, round acidity; velvety mouthfeel. The resonant finish centers around notes of dark caramel and gardenia, with undertones of aromatic wood.
A ready-to-drink black coffee, tested cold. Rhubarb, Pinot Noir grape, cocoa nib, honeysuckle, sandalwood. Sweet-tart-savory structure with big, juicy acidity; viscous, syrupy-smooth mouthfeel. Finish consolidates to notes of rhubarb and cocoa nib with sandalwood undertones.
A ready-to-drink black coffee, tested cold. Rich, floral-toned, intricate and complex. Notes of wisteria, Keemun black tea, cocoa nib, Meyer lemon, frankincense. Crisp, tart-leaning structure with sweet undertones and juicy acidity; refreshing, velvety mouthfeel. Satisfying, lingering finish with notes of black tea and lemon. Stands up to milk with continued tartness and amplification of the cocoa note.
A ready-to-drink black coffee, tested cold. Bing cherry, sassafras, aromatic orchid, bay tree, brandy. Sweet-tart structure with juicy, bright acidity; lush, mouth-filling viscosity. Long, resonant, flavor-saturated finish that carries over all the notes from the cup. Quiet and elegant in milk, with all flavor notes represented at a lower volume.
Deeply rich, chocolaty and fruit-toned. Blueberry tart, chocolate fudge, rum barrel, gardenia, molasses in aroma and cup. Vibrantly sweet-tart structure with juicy, fruit-forward acidity; creamy-smooth mouthfeel. Finish consolidates to suggestions of dried blueberry, chocolate fudge and rum barrel.
Evaluated as espresso. Cocoa-toned, sweetly smoky. Cocoa powder, gently scorched oak, lily, raisin, Brazil nut in aroma and small cup. Crisp, velvety mouthfeel; gently drying, nut- and cocoa-toned finish. In three parts milk, notes of cocoa powder and Brazil nut come to the fore, supported by hints of smoky oak.
Spice-toned, delicate and deep. Cardamom, black tea, bergamot, honeysuckle, sandalwood in aroma and cup. Sweet-savory structure with juicy acidity; full, syrupy-smooth mouthfeel. Flavor-saturated finish leads with cardamom and bergamot, rounding to honeysuckle-toned sandalwood in the long.
Delicate, deep, vibrantly sweet-tart. Lilac, dried apricot, cocoa nib, lemon verbena, cedar in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with lively, bright acidity; plush, viscous mouthfeel. The resonant finish centers around notes of apricot and cocoa nib.
Sweetly pungent, juicy. Tangerine, dark chocolate, almond butter, honeysuckle, a hint of kefir in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart structure with bold, lactic acidity; full, syrupy mouthfeel. The layered finish consolidates to notes of tangerine and sweet yogurt. 
Richly sweet, deeply aromatic, vibrant. Dried apricot, dark chocolate, narcissus, pink grapefruit zest, sandalwood in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with lively, balanced acidity; full, creamy mouthfeel. A quiet finish centers around chocolate and apricot notes supported by sandalwood.
Richly fruit-forward, balanced. Black cherry, cocoa nib, bergamot, cedar, maple syrup in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned structure with gentle acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel. Resonant cocoa- and fruit-toned finish.
Deep-toned, richly sweet-tart. Pie cherry, baking chocolate, magnolia, fresh-cut fir, agave syrup in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart structure with brisk acidity; velvety-smooth mouthfeel. The finish consolidates around notes of baking chocolate and pie cherry with undertones of fresh-cut fir.
Evaluated as espresso. Deeply sweet, chocolate-toned. Chocolate fudge, pear, almond, scorched cedar, gardenia in aroma and small cup. Satiny-smooth mouthfeel; crisp, gently smoky finish with chocolate undertones. In three parts milk, chocolate fudge and almond harmonize with scorched cedar for a satisfying, complex milk shot.
Evaluated as espresso. Very sweet, caramel-toned. Dark caramel, lily, persimmon, roasted walnut, cedar in aroma and small cup. Crisp, satiny mouthfeel; fruit-toned finish redolent of persimmon and fresh-cut cedar. In the milk shot, caramel pleasantly subsumes all the other notes, save for undertones of roasted walnut, which add complexity.
Evaluated as espresso. Berry- and flower-driven, intricately sweet-tart, wildly aromatic. Ripe raspberry, wisteria, toffee, sandalwood, dark chocolate in aroma and small cup. Viscous, syrupy mouthfeel; bright, berry-toned finish. In three parts milk, a lot like eating raspberry trifle laced with chocolate.
Deeply sweet, richly sweet-savory, intricately balanced. Red currant, star jasmine, dark chocolate, pink grapefruit zest, sandalwood in aroma and cup. Sweetly savory structure with complex, bright acidity; very full, creamy mouthfeel. Lasting finish that carries over all the flavor and aroma notes from the cup.
Crisply sweet, rich-toned, deep. Apricot, citrus blossom, Meyer lemon zest, cocoa nib, maple syrup in aroma and cup. Balanced, sweet-tart structure with juicy acidity; full, syrupy-smooth mouthfeel. Finish consolidates to notes of lemon zest and cocoa nib in the short, with hints of apricot resurfacing in the long.
Very sweet, high-toned, with savory underpinnings. Tangerine zest, cocoa nib, Bing cherry, amber, almond butter in aroma and cup. Tart-leaning but integrated  structure with vibrant, juicy acidity; full, viscous mouthfeel. The finish is animated by notes of Bing cherry and amber.
High-toned, crisply sweet-tart. Tangerine zest, cocoa nib, apricot, cedar, freesia-like flowers in aroma and cup. Brightly sweet-tart structure with lively, juicy acidity; satiny-smooth mouthfeel. The resonant finish centered around notes of cocoa nib, tangerine zest and cedar.
Delicate, confident, complex, lyrical. Passion fruit, cocoa nib, wisteria, lemon verbena, agave syrup in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with juicy, bright acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel. Rich, long, flavor-saturated finish.
Sweet-toned, fruit-forward, delicately floral. Dried strawberry, lilac, cocoa nib, almond brittle, wild honey in aroma and cup. Deeply sweet structure with rich, vibrant acidity; full, viscous mouthfeel. Finish leads with notes of dried strawberry and honey in the short, rounding to cocoa nib in the long.
Floral and sweetly spice-toned. Jasmine, pink peppercorn, apricot, baking chocolate, fresh-cut oak in aroma and cup. Sweet-savory structure with balanced, bright acidity; satiny-smooth mouthfeel. Finish consolidates to notes of apricot and baking chocolate with hints of jasmine at the top and oak underneath.
Delicate, high-toned, richly floral. Lilac, cocoa nib, dried apricot, sandalwood, a hint of coconut in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with juicy acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel. Rich, deeply aromatic finish that carries over all the notes from the cup; lilac and cocoa nib, in particular.
Elegantly fruit-toned, chocolaty. Dried mulberry, dark chocolate, ginseng, pink grapefruit zest, frankincense in aroma and cup. Sweet-savory structure with rich, engaging acidity; plush, silky mouthfeel. Chocolate- and fruit-driven finish.
High-toned, richly sweet-tart. Pie cherry, dark chocolate, almond butter, violet, cedar in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart structure with juicy, fruit-toned acidity; saturatingly viscous, plush mouthfeel. The confident finish centers around notes of pie cherry, dark chocolate and cedar.
Delicate, sweetly fruit-toned. Wild strawberry, dark chocolate, hazelnut butter, cedar, agave syrup in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with juicy acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel. The quiet finish centers around notes of wild strawberry, dark chocolate and cedar.
High-toned, richly floral. Star jasmine, cocoa nib, bergamot, almond nougat, oak in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with bright, juicy acidity; full, satiny mouthfeel. Inviting finish that leads with notes of jasmine and bergamot in the short, rounding to almond and cocoa nib in the long.
Richly sweet-savory, cocoa-toned. Cocoa powder, hop flowers, black cherry, fresh-cut oak, agave syrup in aroma and cup. Balanced, bittersweet structure with brisk acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel. Finish consolidates to cocoa-toned black cherry and oak.
Delicately floral, spice-toned. Honeysuckle, apricot, bergamot, spearmint, cocoa nib in aroma and cup. Sweet structure with vibrant, elegant acidity; billowy, silky-smooth mouthfeel. Finish consolidates to cocoa-toned honeysuckle and bergamot.
Deeply chocolaty, vibrantly high-toned. Dark chocolate, nectarine, almond butter, freesia-like flowers, lemon thyme in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with bright, juicy acidity; plush, syrupy-smooth mouthfeel. The resonantly chocolaty finish is supported by notes of almond butter and hints of freesia.
Bright, juicy, floral-toned. Narcissus, red plum, cocoa nib, bay leaf, maple syrup in aroma and cup. Gently tart structure with deep, juicy acidity; very syrupy-smooth mouthfeel. The finish leads with narcissus-like flowers and cocoa nib, with crisp maple syrup returning in the long.
Sweetly nut- and cocoa-toned. Cashew butter, cocoa powder, magnolia, date, oak in aroma and cup. Sweet structure with gentle acidity; full, syrupy mouthfeel. Crisp finish with leading notes of cashew and cocoa powder that round toward sweet magnolia in the long. 
Exceptionally bright, vibrantly pungent. Guava, cherry blossom, cocoa nib, nougat, sandalwood in aroma and cup. Balanced, sweetly tart structure with big, juicy acidity; plush, syrupy-smooth mouthfeel. The satisfying, flavor-saturated finish carries on and on. 
Deep, chocolaty, fruit-forward. Black cherry, almond nougat, frankincense, fresh-cut oak, honey in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with bright, winy acidity; viscous, creamy mouthfeel. Focused fruit-forward finish with undertones of honey.
Delicate, fruit- and floral-toned. Apricot, honeysuckle, cocoa nib, white peppercorn, myrrh in aroma and cup. Deeply sweet structure with gently bright acidity; silky-smooth mouthfeel. Quiet but pretty finish with notes of apricot and white peppercorn and a hint of honeysuckle in the long.
Evaluated as espresso. Deeply sweet, cocoa and nut-toned. Date, Nutella, narcissus, oak, a hint of thyme in aroma and small cup. Full, syrupy mouthfeel; cocoa-driven finish. In three parts milk, suggests liquid Nutella with undertones of narcissus.
Sweetly nut- and caramel-toned. Cashew butter, caramel, agave syrup, plum, fresh-cut oak in aroma and cup. Sweet structure with brisk acidity; very full, syrupy-smooth mouthfeel. Finish consolidates to notes of cashew and caramel.
Richly bittersweet, deep-toned. Hop flowers, pink peppercorn, tangerine zest, quince, fresh-cut fir in aroma and cup. Sweet-savory structure with friendly, accessible acidity; satiny-smooth mouthfeel. The bittersweet finish centers around tangerine zest and quince.
Evaluated as espresso. High-toned, richly sweet-tart. Red plum, dark chocolate, almond nougat, lemon verbena, cedar in aroma and small cup. Crisp, velvety mouthfeel; chocolaty finish with hints of almond nougat and plum. In cappuccino-scaled milk a lily-like floral note surfaces. 
Fruit-forward, sweetly nut-toned. Blueberry, almond butter, baking chocolate, narcissus, cedar in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned structure with gentle, round acidity; full, creamy mouthfeel. The resonant finish centers around notes of blueberry and baking chocolate with undertones of cedar.
Richly aromatic, sweetly tart. Boysenberry, star jasmine, cocoa nib, almond nougat, a hint of wine barrel in aroma and cup. Tart-leaning structure with juicy, vibrant acidity; lush, syrupy mouthfeel. Notes of boysenberry and cocoa nib animate the crisply sweet finish.
Delicately sweet, spicy. Apricot, freesia-like flowers, hazelnut butter, pink peppercorn, cocoa nib in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned structure with lively, citrusy acidity; silky-smooth mouthfeel. Finish consolidates to notes of apricot and pink peppercorn supported by cocoa nib. 
Deep-toned, richly sweet-savory. Red currant, hop flowers, cocoa nib, butterscotch, almond butter in aroma and cup. Richly bittersweet, balanced structure with juicy, bright acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel. Finish consolidates to cocoa-toned red currant and butterscotch.
Crisp, high-toned, chocolaty. Brightly sweet dark chocolate, wisteria, Bing cherry, hazelnut, maple syrup in aroma and cup. Deeply sweet structure with citrusy acidity; full, viscous mouthfeel. Chocolaty and floral-toned in the long, pleasing finish.
Richly sweet-tart, fruit-centered. Pomegranate, dark chocolate, toffee, cedar, narcissus-like flowers in aroma and cup. Tart-leaning structure with vibrant, juicy acidity; satiny-smooth mouthfeel. Finish consolidates to notes of pomegranate and cedar with dark chocolate undertones.
Delicate, sweetly herbaceous, caramel-toned. Lemon verbena, black tea, caramel, oak, a hint of honeysuckle in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned structure with gentle, round acidity; crisp, velvety mouthfeel. The quiet finish centers around notes of lemon verbena and caramel.
Deeply aromatic, richly sweet-tart. Dried ripe cherry, honeysuckle, almond butter, baking chocolate, wine barrel in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart structure with fruit-toned, winy acidity; full, syrupy-smooth mouthfeel. Finish consolidates to notes of almond butter and baking chocolate with support from dried cherry.
Crisply sweet, floral-toned. Narcissus, plum, almond, baking chocolate, a hint of bay leaf in aroma and cup. Sweet structure with round, gentle acidity; full, syrupy mouthfeel. Chocolaty and floral finish, crisp and resonant.
Sweetly tart, fruit-forward. Raspberry, dark chocolate, nougat, freesia, cedar in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with wine-like acidity; satiny-smooth mouthfeel. Finish consolidates to notes of dark chocolate and cedar.
Crisply sweet, cocoa-toned. Cocoa nib, apricot, fresh-cut fir, agave syrup, hazelnut butter in aroma and cup. Sweet in structure with pert acidity; velvety mouthfeel. Cocoa-toned finish with supporting notes of hazelnut and fresh-cut fir.
Richly sweet-savory, cocoa-toned. Cocoa nib, pluot, brown sugar, candycap mushroom, Meyer lemon zest in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with high-toned acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel. The resonant finish centers around notes of cocoa nib, pluot, and lemon zest.
Deeply sweet, crisp, complex. Cocoa nib, guava, baking chocolate, honeysuckle, bay leaf in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with brisk acidity, full, syrupy mouthfeel. Cocoa-toned in the finish supported by baking chocolate and honeysuckle.
Crisply sweet, chocolaty. Baking chocolate, gently scorched fir, raisin, lily, cashew in aroma and cup. Sweet structure with gentle, round acidity; crisp, velvety mouthfeel. Gently smoky aromatic wood notes and chocolatey cashew characterize the gently drying finish.
Profoundly sweet, fruit-forward, candy-like. Clementine orange, Jolly Rancher, milk chocolate, cane sugar, narcissus in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned structure with juicy, vibrant acidity; viscous, honey-like mouthfeel. The prolonged finish evokes cotton candy laced with milk chocolate.
Deeply sweet, richly tart, harmoniously balanced. Dried mango, dark chocolate, brown sugar, oolong tea, tangerine zest in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with citrusy-bright acidity; full, round, syrupy mouthfeel. Lingeringly sweet, tropical fruit-driven finish.
Exceptionally high-toned, sweetly tart, chocolaty. Juicy peach, dark chocolate, caramel, pink peppercorn, fresh-cut cedar in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with sparkling acidity; full, creamy mouthfeel. In the spice-toned finish sweet pink-peppercorn notes transform to something resembling Szechuan peppers, supported by dark chocolate and peach.
Cleanly fruit-toned, tropical. Passion fruit, pineapple, honey, hazelnut, a hint of fresh yogurt in aroma and cup. Tart-leaning structure with bright acidity; plush, nectar-like mouthfeel. Finish simplifies to notes of crisply sweet pineapple with hazelnut undertones.
Intensely fruit- and spice-toned. Lychee, hibiscus flowers, cocoa nib, lemon verbena, a hint of cumin in aroma and cup. Sweet-savory structure with gently lively acidity; syrupy-smooth mouthfeel. The fresh, crisp finish centers around lychee, hibiscus and cocoa nib.
Berry-driven, delicately sweet, caramel-toned. Strawberry, dark caramel, tangerine zest, white tea, sandalwood in aroma and cup. Crisp, high-toned structure with juicy acidity; silky, vibrant mouthfeel. Round, sweet, fruit-toned finish.
Deeply sweet, rich-toned, bright and lively. Red grape, baking chocolate, marshmallow, macadamia nut, lime zest in aroma and cup. Sweet in structure with bright, balanced acidity; full, satiny-smooth mouthfeel. The cleanly fruit-toned finish is pleasantly complicated by notes of macadamia nut and lime zest.
Floral-toned, richly aromatic, chocolaty. Elegantly sweet structure with Meyer lemon-like acidity; full, viscous mouthfeel. Apricot, honey, lavender, baking chocolate, a hint of pipe tobacco in aroma and cup. The inviting finish leads with notes of baking chocolate and apricot, with pipe tobacco resurfacing in the long.
Crisp, bright, floral-toned. Pluot, star jasmine, cocoa nib, black tea, lemon zest in aroma and cup. Sweet structure with pert acidity; satiny-smooth mouthfeel. The gently drying finish is redolent with pluot and cocoa nib.
Low-toned, deep, richly sweet. Dried fig, dark chocolate, pistachio, gardenia, spice box in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned structure with gentle, round acidity; big, creamy mouthfeel. The finish is all about dark chocolate, with hints of fig and gardenia.
Richly chocolaty, sweetly herbaceous. Chocolate fudge, lemon verbena, blackberry, agave syrup, cedar in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart structure with juicy, citrusy acidity; velvety mouthfeel. The resonant finish consolidates to notes of blackberry, chocolate fudge, and cedar.
Crisply sweet, caramel- and nut-toned. Nougat, walnut, Bosc pear, fresh-cut fir, a hint of cardamom in aroma and cup. Sweet in structure with brisk acidity; satiny, delicate mouthfeel. The gently drying finish leads with caramel and pear in the short, resolving to walnut and fir in the long. 
Deep-toned, sweetly herbaceous and earthy. Dried stone fruit medley, petrichor, cocoa powder, pipe tobacco, a hint of eucalyptus in aroma and cup. Sweetly savory structure with wine-toned acidity; very full, syrupy-smooth mouthfeel. Gentle spice- and cocoa-toned finish.
Deep-toned, richly sweet. Cherry, brown sugar, grapefruit zest, dark chocolate, baking spices in aroma and cup. Sweet structure with round, lively acidity; crisply smooth, velvety mouthfeel. Baking spices and dark chocolate characterize the inviting finish.
Crisply sweet, richly high-toned. Pink grapefruit zest, cocoa nib, black cherry, dried hibiscus, cedar in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with bright, citrusy acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel. Flavor-saturated finish with especially distinct notes of black cherry and cocoa nib.
Bright, sweetly savory, deep-toned. Black currant, dark chocolate, cedar, hop flowers, jasmine in aroma and cup. Richly bittersweet structure with floral-toned acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel. The resonant finish centers around notes of black currant, dark chocolate and hop flowers.
Evaluated as espresso. Deep, rich, sweetly tart. Dried mulberry, chocolate fudge, lime zest, bay leaf, brown sugar in aroma and small cup. Viscous, syrupy mouthfeel; berry-toned, chocolaty finish. In cappuccino-scaled milk, suggests an adult dessert, with berry and sweet herb notes laced with fudge. 
Rich-toned, deeply expressed, complex. Black currant, toffee, jasmine, pink grapefruit zest, baking spices in aroma and cup. Complex, bittersweet structure with juicy-bright acidity; lush, syrupy mouthfeel. Resonantly, lingering finish with notes of black currant and jasmine in the short, pink grapefruit zest and baking spices in the long — all held together by a sweet depth redolent of toffee.
Fruit-toned, tropical. Lychee, guava, cocoa nib, violet, sandalwood in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with crisp, high-toned acidity; lightly syrupy mouthfeel. The finish centers around lychee and sandalwood notes.
Fruit-toned, richly floral. Wild strawberry, lilac, honey, pink peppercorn, dark chocolate in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart structure with citrusy acidity; full, creamy mouthfeel. The finish is all strawberry, lilac and chocolate.
Chocolaty and stone fruit-driven. Apricot, milk chocolate, narcissus, maple syrup, cedar in aroma and cup. Sweet structure with mild acidity; full, satiny-smooth mouthfeel. Finish consolidates to notes of milk chocolate and cedar with hints of apricot.
Elegant, high-toned, complex. Apricot, narcissus, lime, almond brittle, lemon balm in aroma and cup. Sweet-savory structure with juicy, bright acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel. The finish centers around notes of apricot and narcissus with undertones of almond brittle.
Crisply sweet, cocoa-toned. Baking chocolate, hazelnut, magnolia, pear, fresh-cut fir in aroma and cup. Sweet structure with brisk acidity; satiny-smooth mouthfeel. The finish consolidates to hazelnut and cocoa nib with fir undertones.
Cocoa-toned, gently roasty. Cocoa powder, lightly scorched cedar, Brazil nut, raisin, lily in aroma and cup. Sweet-savory structure with barely perceptible acidity; velvety, heavyish mouthfeel. Gently drying wood-framed finish with hints of cocoa powder and lily.
Chocolaty, sweetly nut-toned. Baking chocolate, cashew butter, raisin, gardenia, molasses in aroma and cup. Sweet structure with brisk acidity; crisp, satiny mouthfeel. The nut-toned finish is supported by notes of baking chocolate and raisin.
Richly and sweetly earth-toned. Fresh humus, dark chocolate, gently scorched oak, almond, red apple in aroma and cup. Sweet-savory structure with pert acidity; full, satiny mouthfeel. Resonant, gently drying finish with sweetly smoky chocolate and fresh humus notes.
Crisply sweet, lightly floral-toned. Magnolia, cocoa nib, date, cedar, agave syrup in aroma and cup. Sweet structure with gentle, round acidity; velvety-smooth mouthfeel. The quiet finish centers around notes of cocoa-toned date and cedar.
Energetic, floral, multi-layered, intriguing. Aromatic orchid, red plum, lemon verbena, nougat, sandalwood in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned structure with juicy-bright acidity; plush, syrupy-smooth mouthfeel. The flavor-saturated finish sustains all of the aroma and flavor notes of the cup in harmonious balance. 
Brightly fruit-toned, deeply sweet-tart. Pomegranate, jasmine, honey, cedar, pink grapefruit zest in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart structure with brisk acidity; full, creamy mouthfeel. Finish consolidates to notes of jasmine, honey and grapefruit.
Crisply sweet, delicately fruit-toned. Blueberry, baking chocolate, oak, agave syrup, magnolia in aroma and cup. Sweet structure with gentle, round acidity; crisp, velvety mouthfeel. Blueberry and baking chocolate lead the short finish, with magnolia returning in the long.
Bright yet deep-toned, sweet-tart-savory, intensely floral. Mango, dark chocolate, hop flowers, lilac, wild honey in aroma and cup. Richly bittersweet structure with juicy-bright acidity; viscous, nectar-like mouthfeel. Flavor-saturated, chocolaty finish.
Delicately sweet-tart, floral-toned. Narcissus, apricot, cocoa nib, lemon verbena, frankincense in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with delicately juicy acidity; very full, syrupy mouthfeel. Cocoa nib and narcissus focus the long, lingering finish.
Deep-toned, sweet-savory. Lychee, rose hips, sandalwood, dark chocolate, marjoram in aroma and cup. Sweet-savory structure with citrusy acidity; viscous, satiny mouthfeel. The resonant finish leads with lychee and rose hips, rounding to crisp chocolate and marjoram in the long.
Deep-toned, cleanly fruit-centered. Pineapple, violet candy, almond brittle, cedar, brown sugar in aroma and cup. Sweet structure with brisk acidity; silky-smooth, lively mouthfeel. The finish is quietly flavor-saturated.
Berry-toned, sweetly tart. Raspberry, grapefruit, cashew butter, cedar, freesia-like flowers in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with juicy, bright acidity; satiny-smooth mouthfeel. Berry- and citrus-toned finish with hints of cedar and freesia.
Crisply sweet, nut-toned, richly floral. Almond butter, lilac, lemon verbena, red apple, oak in aroma and cup. Sweet structure with soft, round acidity; very full, syrupy-smooth mouthfeel. Lemon verbena supports the resonantly nut-toned finish.
Sweetly pungent, richly nut- and floral-toned. Magnolia, hazelnut butter, baking chocolate, plum, agave syrup in aroma and cup. Sweet structure with brisk acidity; very full, syrupy-smooth mouthfeel. The rich-toned finish consolidates to notes of magnolia and hazelnut butter with undertones of red plum.
Cocoa- and floral-driven. Baking chocolate, plum, fresh-cut fir, lime zest, gardenia in aroma and cup. Sweet in structure with gentle, round acidity; lightly syrupy mouthfeel. The finish consolidates to notes of cocoa-toned plum, lime zest, fir.
Complex — floral, citrusy, and multi-layered. Lime blossom, bergamot, lemon verbena, cocoa nib, frankincense in aroma and cup. Deeply sweet structure with high-toned, vibrant acidity. Rich, syrupy mouthfeel. The resonant, flavor-saturated finish goes on and on.
Evaluated as espresso. Richly sweet-savory, harmoniously integrated. Violet, tangerine zest, dried apricot, cashew butter, a hint of dill in aroma and small cup. Full, syrupy mouthfeel; sweetly tart finish with savory undertones. Deep and umami-rich in three parts milk, with sweet dill juxtaposed with apricot and cashew.
Deeply aromatic, tropical fruit-toned. Guava, lychee, ginger blossom, cocoa nib, agave syrup in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart structure with bright, juicy acidity; delicate, silky-smooth mouthfeel. Quietly fruit-centered finish with hints of cocoa nib.
Evaluated as espresso. Balanced, richly sweet. Black cherry, almond, cedar, baker’s chocolate, magnolia in aroma and small cup. Full, satiny body; chocolaty, wood-framed finish. Dark chocolate notes lead the way in three parts milk, supported by notes of black cherry and almond.
Evaluated as espresso. Richly bittersweet, cocoa-toned. Cocoa powder, molasses, pecan, lily, red apple in aroma and small cup. Creamy mouthfeel; cocoa-toned finish with hints of pecan. In cappuccino-scaled milk, cocoa notes are amplified and lily resurfaces.
Crisp, delicate, richly sweet. Yellow plum, cocoa powder, narcissus, sandalwood, brown sugar in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned structure with lively acidity; full, satiny mouthfeel. Cocoa-toned plum and a hint of narcissus enliven the quiet finish.
Sweet, crisp, fruit-toned. Raspberry, cocoa nib, orange zest, magnolia, fir in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned structure with round acidity; velvety-smooth mouthfeel. The finish consolidates to cocoa-toned raspberry and fir.
Deep, complex, sweetly pungent. Red currant, dark chocolate, moist fresh-fallen leaves, maple syrup, star jasmine in aroma and cup. Crisply sweet-savory in structure; plush, buoyant mouthfeel. Flavor resonates long into a richly drying finish.
Deeply sweet, cocoa-toned. Dark chocolate, dried persimmon, hazelnut, wisteria, maple syrup in aroma and cup. Balanced, brisk but sweet structure with rounded acidity; satiny-smooth mouthfeel. The finish is thoroughly chocolaty with undertones of persimmon and hazelnut.
Complex, richly sweet, fruit-toned. Apricot, orange blossom, caramel, cocoa powder, almond in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with pert acidity; very full, syrupy mouthfeel. Finish consolidates to caramel-toned apricot and almond.
Richly nut- and floral-toned. Magnolia, hazelnut butter, baking chocolate, apricot, maple syrup in aroma and cup. Sweet structure with gentle, round acidity; velvety-smooth mouthfeel. Finish consolidates to notes of hazelnut butter and maple syrup with baking chocolate undertones.
Delicately and richly fruit-toned. Raspberry, dark chocolate, baking spices, tangerine zest, lemon verbena in aroma and cup. Sweet structure with winy acidity; very full, satiny mouthfeel. Chocolaty finish with notes of raspberry and baking spices.
Vibrantly floral-toned, sweetly pungent. Narcissus, toffee, black currant, cedar, dark caramel in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with bright, juicy acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel. Finish leads with toffee and black currant notes supported by narcissus-like flowers throughout.
Rich-toned, elegantly sweet. Wild honey, dried apricot, lilac, myrrh, sandalwood in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart structure with juicy, bright acidity; full, syrupy-smooth mouthfeel.The finish consolidates to notes of dried apricot and myrrh with undertones of wild honey.
Complex, fruit-toned and chocolaty. Red currant, dark chocolate, hazelnut butter, narcissus, agave syrup in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned structure with vibrant, juicy acidity; full, syrupy-smooth mouthfeel. The deep, chocolaty finish supported by sweet-tart fruit notes and narcissus-like florals.
Balanced, deeply sweet-savory. Nutella, plum, jasmine, cedar, maple syrup in aroma and cup. Sweet-savory structure with pert acidity; velvety-smooth mouthfeel. The flavor-saturated finish centers around notes of Nutella and plum with cedar undertones. 
Bright, sweetly spice-toned. Cinnamon, candy apple, grapefruit zest, freesia-like flowers, a hint of fresh yogurt in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with lively, high-toned acidity; crisp, satiny mouthfeel. The finish continues spice-toned and rich.
Aromatically tropical, deeply floral, mysteriously complex. Plumeria, amber, passion fruit, Concord grape, dark chocolate in aroma and cup. Deep-toned, sweetly savory structure with winy acidity; decadently plush mouthfeel. The finish goes on and on.
Richly and elegantly fruit-toned. Strawberry-guava, cocoa nib, violet, wild honey, aloe wood in aroma and cup. Vivaciously sweet-tart structure with juicy, balanced acidity; full, creamy mouthfeel. Resonant fruit-forward finish with notes of strawberry-guava, cocoa nib and violet.
Richly chocolaty, deeply fruit-toned. Chocolate fudge, raspberry coulis, sandalwood, lilac in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart structure with juicy acidity; plush, lively mouthfeel. The floral- and fruit-toned finish is supported by chocolate tones throughout.
Evaluated as espresso. Richly sweet-tart. Pomegranate, dark chocolate, narcissus, hazelnut, cedar in aroma and small cup. Satiny-smooth mouthfeel; fruit-driven, chocolaty finish. In three parts milk the fruit rounds and softens and chocolate notes are foregrounded.
Delicately intricate, deeply sweet. Passion fruit, jasmine, sandalwood, cocoa nib, tangerine zest in aroma and cup. Juicy, effervescent acidity; silky, confident mouthfeel. The finish is crisply tart with sweet floral and cocoa tones in the short.
Deep-toned, richly sweet. Date, magnolia, molasses, almond, cedar in aroma and cup. Sweet structure with round, gentle acidity; full, syrupy mouthfeel. Finish consolidates to notes of molasses and almond.
Delicate, sweet-toned. Plum, caramel, freesia-like flowers, oak, lemon zest in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with brisk acidity; satiny mouthfeel. The finish centers around caramel and lemon zest.
Crisp, delicately sweet. Nectarine, jasmine, cocoa nib, almond, oak in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned structure with gentle acidity; full, viscous mouthfeel. The finish centers around notes of nectarine, cocoa nib, and oak.
Richly fruit- and floral-toned. Passion fruit, narcissus, allspice, cocoa nib, tangerine zest in aroma and cup. Sweet-savory structure with juicy, high-toned acidity; lightly syrupy mouthfeel. Richly drying, vermouth-like finish.
Richly sweet-savory, chocolate-toned. Dark chocolate, date, pralines, tiger lily, a hint of cumin in aroma and cup. Sweet-savory structure with gentle, round acidity; plump, syrupy mouthfeel. Gently drying finish is chocolaty through and through with undertones of pralines and flowers.
Richly chocolaty, deeply sweet. Dark chocolate, freesia-like flowers, crisp pear, vanilla bean, cedar in aroma and cup. Sweet in structure with gentle acidity; velvety-smooth mouthfeel. Quiet, chocolaty finish with notes of pear and cedar.
Deep-toned, chocolaty. Dark chocolate, date, hazelnut, agave syrup, pink grapefruit zest in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart structure with pert acidity; delicately smooth mouthfeel. Chocolate- and hazelnut-toned finish.
Richly cherry-toned, chocolaty. Dark chocolate, black cherry, pistachio, honeysuckle, cedar in aroma and cup. Gently sweet-tart structure with brisk acidity; lively, syrupy mouthfeel. The finish is all chocolate, through and through.
Delicately sweet, floral-toned. Honeysuckle, red grape, cashew, oak, brown sugar in aroma and cup. Sweet structure with gentle acidity; smooth, satiny mouthfeel. The finish consolidates to notes of red grape, cashew, and brown sugar.
Balanced, deep, sweetly savory. Tamarind, dark chocolate, gardenia, candycap mushroom, almond in aroma and cup. Crispy sweet structure with brisk acidity; satiny mouthfeel. Chocolaty finish with undertones of tamarind and almond.
Rich-toned, chocolaty and floral. Baking chocolate, honeysuckle, lemon verbena, almond butter, cedar in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with bright, juicy acidity; satiny-smooth mouthfeel. Chocolate up front in the short finish, followed by almond and lemon verbena in the long.
Sweetly savory, vibrant, deep. Meyer lemon zest, dark chocolate, tamarind, sandalwood, aromatic orchid in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with bright, juicy acidity; satiny-smooth mouthfeel. Flavor-saturated-finish leads with notes of tamarind and lemon zest, rounding to deep, dark chocolate notes in the long.
Richly sweet, nut-toned. Almond butter, baking chocolate, pear, cedar, baking spices in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned structure with gentle, round acidity; full, satiny-smooth mouthfeel. The dominant nut notes of the finish are supported by baking chocolate and cedar.
Evaluated as espresso. Juicy-bright, chocolaty; chocolate fudge, black cherry, honeysuckle, cedar, maple syrup in aroma and small cup. Creamy mouthfeel; chocolaty, fruit-forward finish. Milk amplifies, deepens, and sweetens both chocolate and fruit notes.
Complex, intricate, deeply sweet. Star jasmine, cocoa nib, nectarine, frankincense, spearmint in aroma and cup. Bright, juicy acidity; plush, velvety mouthfeel. Resonant, flavor-saturated finish leads with notes of star jasmine and nectarine, balanced by suggestions of crisp cocoa.
Crisp, delicate, richly high-toned. Apricot, cocoa nib, honeysuckle, sandalwood, agave syrup in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned structure with lively acidity; full, syrupy-smooth mouthfeel. Cocoa-toned apricot and honeysuckle enliven the quiet finish.
Delicate, spice-toned, richly aromatic. Narcissus-like flowers, cocoa nib, peach, lemon verbena, a hint of eucalyptus wood in aroma and cup. High-toned, vibrant acidity; full, syrupy mouthfeel. The deep, cocoa-toned finish centers around notes of narcissus and peach.
Delicately fruit-toned, floral. Strawberry, narcissus, lemon verbena, cocoa nib, cedar in aroma and cup. Sweet structure with gentle, round acidity; full, syrupy mouthfeel. The richly sweet finish consolidates to cocoa-toned narcissus and strawberry.
Chocolaty and floral-toned. Dark chocolate, freesia-like flowers, pluot, pink peppercorn, oak in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with bright, sparkling acidity; very full, syrupy-smooth mouthfeel. Spice-toned, floral finish.
Balanced, complex, rich-toned. Cocoa nib, pluot, tangerine zest, star jasmine, lemon verbena in aroma and cup. Deeply sweet, high-toned structure with juicy, vibrant acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel. The long, resonant finish maintains the multi-layered notes from the cup.
Chocolaty, smoke-toned, sweetly savory. Dark chocolate, scorched mesquite, vanillin, gardenia, prune in aroma and cup. Sweet-savory structure with very little acidity; light-bodied, smooth mouthfeel. Wood-framed finish with hints of smoky chocolate.
Sweetly spice-toned. Cinnamon, cocoa powder, plum, ginger blossom, narcissus in aroma and cup. Richly sweet structure with round acidity; full, satiny mouthfeel. The spice-toned finish centers on cinnamon and gingerbread suggestions.
Sweet-toned, fruit-centered. Raisin, brown sugar, lemon zest, prairie flowers, oak in aroma and cup. Sweet structure with brisk acidity; medium-bodied, velvety-smooth mouthfeel. The gently drying finish consolidates to notes of brown sugar and oak with hints of lemon zest.
Crisply tart, chocolaty. Lime zest, dried apricot, chocolate fudge, agave syrup, cedar in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned structure with gentle, round acidity; lightly syrupy mouthfeel. The deep finish is richly drying, very chocolaty. 
Richly sweet, deeply aromatic, floral-toned. Plum, Meyer lemon zest, tea rose, sandalwood, maple syrup in aroma and cup. Balanced, sweetly tart structure; smooth, syrupy mouthfeel. Notes of tea rose and sandalwood permeate the rich finish.
High-toned, crisply sweet-tart. Concord grape, rhododendron, cocoa nib, sandalwood, maple syrup in aroma and cup. Brightly sweet structure with tart, juicy acidity; very plush, syrupy mouthfeel. The resonant finish consolidates to notes of cocoa nib and maple syrup with undertones of Concord grape.
Evaluated as espresso. Bright, juicy, sweetly tart. Pomegranate, hazelnut, cedar, freesia-like flowers, molasses in aroma and small cup. Syrupy-smooth mouthfeel; crisp, gently drying finish. Rounder and more nut-toned in three parts milk.
Sweetly floral and spice-toned, delicate. Lilac, myrrh, cocoa nib, pink peppercorn, honey in aroma and cup. Balanced, sweetly tart structure with delicately vibrant acidity; very full, syrupy mouthfeel. Cocoa- and floral-toned finish.
Richly bittersweet, nut-toned. Caramelized hazelnut, cocoa nib, dried date, freesia-like flowers, fresh-cut fir in aroma and cup. Bittersweet structure with brisk acidity; full, lightly syrupy mouthfeel. The richly drying finish foregrounds caramelized hazelnut and cocoa-toned date.
Delicate, citrusy and nut-toned. Orange zest, almond, magnolia, date, baking chocolate in aroma and cup. Sweet structure with brisk acidity; velvety-smooth mouthfeel. Nut-framed finish supported by notes of orange zest and baking chocolate.
Balanced, rich-toned, deeply sweet. Strawberry-guava, cocoa nib, narcissus, almond butter, fresh-cut oak in aroma and cup. Sweet in structure with appealing savory undertones and juicy acidity; very full, syrupy mouthfeel. Finish consolidates to cocoa-toned guava supported by hints of narcissus.
Delicate, sweetly fruit-toned, complex. Dried persimmon, nougat, lilac, dark chocolate, a hint of spearmint in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart structure with wine-like acidity; satiny, viscous mouthfeel. The chocolaty finish is supported by notes of persimmon and nougat.
Evaluated as espresso. Crisply sweet-tart, bright and juicy. Pomegranate, tangerine zest, dark chocolate, hazelnut butter, sandalwood in aroma and small cup. Full, syrupy mouthfeel; crisply sweet finish with notes of dark chocolate and tangerine zest. In three parts milk both chocolate and citrus notes are lifted and enlivened.
Cleanly fruit-forward, high-toned. Strawberry guava, lemon verbena, cocoa nib, freesia, myrrh in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with bright, juicy acidity; viscous, syrupy mouthfeel. Resonant, fruit-driven finish with notes of strawberry guava, lemon verbena and cocoa nib far into the long.
Floral, bright, citrusy, balanced. Star jasmine, cocoa nib, tangerine zest, caramel, cedar in aroma and cup. Balanced, sweetly tart structure with lively acidity; delicate, silky mouthfeel. The finish centers around jasmine-like floral notes.
Big, bright, juicy, balanced. Sticky rice, lychee, hazelnut, cocoa nib, narcissus in aroma and cup. Richly sweet structure with vibrant, tangy acidity; very syrupy mouthfeel. The flavor-laden finish leads with lychee and hazelnut with undertones of cocoa nib.
Sweetly herbaceous, citrusy. Marjoram, lemon verbena, cocoa nib, freesia, maple syrup in aroma and cup. Sweet-savory structure with crisp, winey acidity; satiny mouthfeel. The finish leads with sweet herb notes supported by cocoa nib.
Crisply sweet, nut-toned. Almond brittle, tart pie cherry, magnolia, baking chocolate, oak in aroma and cup. Sweet structure with pert acidity; satiny-smooth mouthfeel. The finish consolidates to baking chocolate, pie cherry and oak.
Rich-toned, bittersweet. Tamarind candy, hop flowers, fir, mustard seed, grape leaves in aroma and cup. Savory-sweet structure with brisk acidity; full, velvety mouthfeel. Richly drying finish with suggestions of tamarind and mustard seed.
Sweetly tart, delicately fermenty. Notes suggesting Jolly Rancher, chocolate fudge, rum barrel, baking spices, sandalwood in aroma and cup. Sweet structure with gentle, round acidity; velvety mouthfeel. Sweetly fermenty finish with crisp chocolate fudge notes throughout.
Sweetly spice-toned, chocolaty. Intense freesia-like flowers, dark chocolate, Concord grape, roasted macadamia nut, tangerine zest in aroma and cup. Sweetly rich tart structure with juicy acidity; lightly syrupy mouthfeel. Freesia and Concord grape notes ring on into the long finish. 
Crisply sweet, richly savory, floral-toned. Peach, lilac, ripe sungold cherry tomato, almond brittle, frankincense in aroma and cup. Sweet-umami structure with jazzy acidity; very syrupy-smooth mouthfeel. The flavor-saturated finish carries over the promise of all the flavor notes from the cup. 
Berry-driven, sweetly herb-toned. Black currant, cocoa nib, thyme, lavender, oak in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned structure with bright acidity; satiny, buoyant mouthfeel. Rich, long-lasting, berry-toned finish.
Complex, nuanced, multi-layered. Red currant, cinnamon, lavender, marjoram, wild honey in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart structure with juicy, high-toned acidity; very syrupy mouthfeel. Resonant finish; fruit and floral notes carry forward and cocoa emerges.
Complex, nuanced, multi-layered. Black currant, freesia-like flowers, honey, Nutella, cedar in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart structure with juicy, high-toned acidity; syrupy-smooth mouthfeel. The resonant finish leads with currant and freesia notes in the short, rounding to Nutella and cedar in the long.
Sweetly floral and delicately cocoa-toned. Honeysuckle, cocoa nib, Concord grape, agave, lemon-thyme in aroma and cup. High-toned structure with juicy, confident acidity; buoyant, lively, viscous mouthfeel. Honeysuckle and cocoa nib characterize the sweet finish.
Balanced, richly sweet-savory, deeply pungent. Ripe tomato, black currant, almond brittle, jasmine, oak in aroma and cup. Sweet-savory structure with vibrant, juicy acidity; full, satiny, nectar-like mouthfeel. The resonant finish leads with notes of black currant, ripe tomato and almond brittle.
Attractively tart, bright, complexly layered. Red currant, petrichor (a post-rain earthy note), wisteria, lemongrass, elm in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with bright, juicy acidity; delicate, silky mouthfeel. The finish centers on notes of red currant and lemongrass; a pleasing coconut note surfaces in the long. 
Sweetly herb-suffused, fruit-driven, hints of fresh earth. Lemon-thyme, mulberry, grapefruit zest, petrichor (a post-rain earthy note), myrrh in aroma and cup. Sweet-savory structure with bright acidity; syrupy-smooth mouthfeel. Savory-leaning, rich-toned finish.  
Deep, compelling, satisfying. Black currant, dark chocolate, blood orange zest, lavender, coconut in aroma and cup. Sweet in structure with richly rounded acidity; plump, syrupy mouthfeel. Coconut and lavender notes resonate into the long finish. 
Deep-toned, richly aromatic, complex. Black currant, honeysuckle, tamarind, dark chocolate, sandalwood in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with juicy, sparkling acidity; plush, syrupy-smooth mouthfeel. The flavor-saturated finish consolidates to notes of blackcurrant and dark chocolate with hints of sandalwood. 
Richly sweet, nuanced, multi-layered. Apricot, star jasmine, cocoa nib, cashew, oak in aroma and cup. Sweet-savory structure with delicate acidity; full, lightly syrupy mouthfeel. Rich, long, cocoa-toned finish.
Crisply sweet, quietly resonant. Wisteria, apricot, pistachio, molasses, oak in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart, savory-edged structure with round acidity; full, syrupy mouthfeel. The persistent finish consolidates to notes of molasses and pistachio.
Crisply sweet, high-toned, straightforward. Cocoa powder, lime zest, fresh-cut fir, freesia-like flowers, walnut in aroma and cup. Quietly tart structure with round, gently brisk acidity; lightly satiny mouthfeel. The rich-toned finish consolidates to notes of cocoa powder and walnut with hints of flowers.
Crisply sweet-tart, balanced. Plum, cocoa nib, almond, violet, elm in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with brisk acidity; satiny-smooth mouthfeel. Gently drying, cocoa- and nut-toned finish with elm undertones.
Crisply sweet, balanced. Cocoa nib, almond, red grape, cedar, a hint of magnolia in aroma and cup. Sweet structure with pert acidity; satiny-smooth mouthfeel. The gently drying finish centers around sweet nut and red grape notes with cedar undertones.
Sweetly nut- and cocoa-toned. Hazelnut, cocoa powder, magnolia, cedar, golden raisin in aroma and cup. Sweet structure with brisk acidity; velvety mouthfeel. The nut-toned finish is supported by hints of cocoa powder and cedar. 
Chocolaty, sweetly smoky. Dark chocolate, scorched mesquite, lily, raisin, hazelnut in aroma and cup. Bittersweet structure with gentle acidity; crisp, light mouthfeel. Bittersweet finish with notes of chocolate and scorched mesquite.
Luminous, clear, confident, lively. Passion fruit, cocoa nib, lilac, almond butter, lemon drop in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with elegantly balanced, intense acidity; viscous, syrupy mouthfeel. Resonant, flavor-saturated finish that carries all the aroma and flavor notes of the cup well into the long.
Harmoniously sweet-tart-savory. Dark chocolate, pomegranate, shiitake  mushroom, jasmine, sandalwood in aroma and cup. Sweet-savory structure with vibrant, high-toned acidity; full, syrupy-smooth mouthfeel. The finish is a sweet-savory duet of dark chocolate and shiitake mushroom notes.
Deeply rich, sweetly spice-toned. Cinnamon, nutmeg, pear, honey, lavender in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with lively, juicy acidity; silky, buoyant mouthfeel. The finish is spice-toned and rich.
Complexly fruit-toned, chocolaty. Dried blueberry, watermelon candy, chocolate fudge, almond, sandalwood in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with winy acidity; full, syrupy mouthfeel. The rich-toned finish consolidates to blueberry, chocolate fudge, and sandalwood.
Delicately sweet, berry-toned. Strawberry coulis, cocoa nib, freesia-like flowers, hazelnut, cedar in aroma and cup. Sweet structure with brisk acidity; crisp, satiny mouthfeel. Cocoa-toned finish with quiet strawberry notes carrying into the long.
Evaluated as espresso. Fruit-centered, sweetly nut-toned. Dried apricot, cashew butter, freesia-like flowers, molasses, oak in aroma and small cup. Full, velvety mouthfeel; crisp, gently drying, nut-framed finish. Flowers, apricot and cashew carry with layered resonance into three parts milk.
Chocolaty, richly sweet. Dark chocolate, date, hazelnut, cedar, agave syrup in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned structure with vibrant acidity; satiny-smooth mouthfeel. The finish centers around notes of dark chocolate and hazelnut with cedar undertones.
Fruit-forward, richly sweet. Berry melange (blueberry, raspberry, blackberry), chocolate fudge, sandalwood, molasses, narcissus-like flowers in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned structure with juicy acidity; creamy, viscous mouthfeel. The resonant finish centers around notes of chocolate fudge and blueberry.
Crisply fruit-toned, richly sweet-savory. Grape candy, sassafras, almond, gardenia, agave syrup in aroma and cup. Bittersweet structure with gentle, round acidity; velvety mouthfeel. The sweet-savory finish is characterized by notes of grape candy, sassafras and almond.
Chocolate-toned, richly sweet-savory. Dark chocolate, hop flowers, black cherry, singed oak, maple syrup in aroma and cup. Bittersweet structure with gentle, round acidity; velvety mouthfeel. The crisp, quiet finish consolidates to cocoa-toned, pleasantly smoky oak with a hint of black cherry.
Delicate, tropical, fruity and floral. Strawberry guava, bergamot, cocoa nib, sandalwood, plumeria in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned structure with juicy, vibrant acidity; silky, buoyant mouthfeel. Resonant, flavor-saturated, very long finish.
Fruit- and honey-toned, richly sweet-tart. Lychee, tamarind, cocoa nib, hop flowers, almond brittle in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart structure with bright, juicy acidity; viscous, syrupy mouthfeel. Fruit-forward finish with honey and cocoa undertones.
Richly sweet-tart, floral-toned. Narcissus, cocoa nib, apricot, almond nougat, fresh-cut cedar in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart structure with bright, juicy acidity; full, syrupy-smooth mouthfeel. The finish consolidates to notes of almond nougat and narcissus with cocoa nib undertones.
Balanced, cocoa-toned. Cocoa nib, crisp pear, grapefruit zest, oak, magnolia in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned structure with brisk acidity; full, syrupy mouthfeel. The cocoa-forward finish is complicated by notes of grapefruit zest and magnolia.
Sweetly tart, deeply aromatic. Red currant, magnolia, brown sugar, cashew butter, lemon verbena in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with gentle, round acidity; very full, syrupy-smooth mouthfeel. The quiet finish leads with notes of red currant and cashew butter.
Richly sweet, floral-toned. Freesia, tangerine zest, plum, cedar, a hint of marjoram in aroma and cup. Sweet in structure with high-toned, citrusy acidity; full, satiny-smooth mouthfeel. The savory-sweet finish leads with sweet herb notes followed by spicy florals.
Gently fruit-toned, crisply sweet. Blueberry, honeysuckle, hazelnut, lemon zest, caramel in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned structure with juicy acidity; full, satiny-smooth mouthfeel. The finish consolidates to blueberry and caramel.
High-toned, crisply sweet-tart. Dried apricot, dark chocolate, rhododendron, cedar, almond in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart with pert acidity; velvety mouthfeel. The fruit-toned finish supported by notes of cedar and dark chocolate.
Evaluated as espresso. Richly chocolaty and floral-toned. Chocolate fudge, narcissus, molasses, sandalwood, dried red currant in aroma and small cup. Creamy-smooth mouthfeel; resonant, flavor-saturated finish. Lyrically sweet in three parts milk, with deep-toned notes of chocolate fudge and narcissus into the long.
Deeply sweet, caramel-toned. Magnolia, caramel, green apple, lemon zest, baking chocolate in aroma and cup. Sweet structure with brisk acidity; satiny-smooth mouthfeel. The quiet finish centers around baking chocolate and lemon zest.
Evaluated as espresso produced as a “ristretto” 25ml (.85-ounce) shot using a Nespresso capsule espresso brewer with whole milk heated using a conventional steam wand. Richly aromatic, floral and balanced. Jasmine, orange zest, baking chocolate, pear, cedar in aroma and small cup. Silky-smooth mouthfeel. Crisp finish leads with notes of jasmine and orange zest, with undertones of baking chocolate throughout. Chocolate notes deepen in three parts milk, as do sweet florals.
Graceful, polished, exquisitely floral. Lavender, vanilla bean, bergamot, cocoa nib, lychee in aroma and cup. Delicate, vivid, multi-layered structure with elegantly sweet-tart acidity; very silky, buoyant mouthfeel. Elongated, richly floral, complex finish.
Fruit- and herb-toned. Lemon thyme, strawberry, dark chocolate, hazelnut, a hint of rum barrel in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with fruit-driven acidity; creamy-smooth mouthfeel. The quiet finish centers around notes of lemon thyme, strawberry and rum barrel.
Delicate, honey- and cocoa-toned. Pomegranate, cocoa nib, violet, pink grapefruit zest, cashew butter in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned structure with balanced, lively acidity; full, syrupy mouthfeel. The pleasing finish leads with pomegranate and cashew butter with undertones of cocoa nib.
Delicately fruit-forward, multi-layered, complex. Dark chocolate, blackberry jam, macadamia nut, honey, sandalwood in aroma and cup. Sweet-savory structure with winy acidity; very full, syrupy-smooth mouthfeel. Fruit-toned finish with deep, lasting chocolate undertones. 
High-toned, crisply sweet-tart. Pink grapefruit zest, cocoa nib, tamarind, amber, grape candy in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with tart-leaning, lively acidity; syrupy-smooth mouthfeel. The flavor-saturated finish resonates with all of the notes from the cup. 
Richly sweet-tart, chocolaty. Tangerine, dark chocolate, almond butter, freesia-like flowers, a hint of marjoram in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with bright, juicy acidity; full, satiny mouthfeel.The finish consolidates to suggestions of chocolate and tangerine.
Sweetly pungent, complex. Apricot, cocoa nib, narcissus, cedar, almond butter in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with bright, juicy acidity; full, syrupy mouthfeel. The cocoa-driven finish is supported by notes of dried stone fruit and spicy-sweet florals.
Chocolaty and fruit-centered. Dark chocolate, blueberry, jasmine, lemongrass, a hint of brandy in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned structure with gentle, round acidity; syrupy-smooth mouthfeel. Chocolate and flowers, in particular, carry into a resonant finish.
Deep-toned, sweetly fermenty. Dark chocolate, papaya, fresh-cut fir, grappa, agave syrup in aroma and cup. Sweet structure with brisk acidity; lightly satiny mouthfeel. Richly sweet, gently drying in the finish.
Delicate, rich, multi-layered. Lilac, honey, plum, sandalwood, hazelnut in aroma and cup. Gently bright, crisp acidity; silky, buoyant mouthfeel. The finish consolidates to resonant lilac and plum notes with sandalwood undertones. 
Berry-driven, chocolaty. Blueberry, lemon zest, baking chocolate, cedar, a hint of fine musk in aroma and cup. Sweet-savory structure with quietly resonant acidity; syrupy, gently lively mouthfeel. Flavor consolidates to blueberry and cedar in the short finish but both linger far into the long.
Beautifully balanced, fruit-forward. Cherry, orange zest, cocoa nib, cedar, agave syrup in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart, with juicy acidity; plush, buoyant mouthfeel. Long, layered finish with pretty cherry and cocoa nib notes.
Uniquely sweet-tart, lactic-leaning. Pink grapefruit zest, goat cheese, lilac, honey, oak in aroma and cup. Balanced, intricately layered structure with complex, richly tart acidity; hefty, syrupy-smooth mouthfeel. Rich, long, citrusy finish with honey undertones.
Richly aromatic, sweetly earthy, complex. Baking spices, mulberry, caramel, moist earth, rhododendron in aroma and cup. Sweet-savory structure with bright, juicy acidity; viscous, creamy mouthfeel. The resonant finish is characterized by vanilla-toned mulberry with hints of fresh earth.
Delicately sweet-savory, floral-toned. Lilac, plum, almond brittle, lemon verbena, gently scorched elm in aroma and cup. RIchly bittersweet structure with gentle acidity; syrupy-smooth mouthfeel. The finish centers around notes of lemon verbena and lightly scorched elm.
Complex, sweetly pungent. Nectarine, magnolia, musk, cashew butter, maple syrup in aroma and cup. Briskly sweet structure with savory undertones; satiny-smooth mouthfeel. Crisply sweet-savory finish. 
Delicately fruit-toned. Raspberry, dark chocolate, narcissus, sandalwood, agave syrup in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart with brisk acidity; full, syrupy-smooth mouthfeel. Quiet, berry-toned finish supported by rich chocolate notes.
Crisply sweet, cocoa-toned. Baking chocolate, hazelnut, date, cedar, molasses in aroma and cup. Sweet structure with gentle, round acidity; full, velvety mouthfeel. The finish consolidates to baking chocolate, hazelnut and cedar.
Richly aromatic, delicately fruit-forward. Dried persimmon, cocoa nib, tangerine zest, shiitake mushroom, carnation in aroma and cup. Savory-sweet with deep, fruit-toned acidity; lively, syrupy-smooth mouthfeel. The finish consolidates to persimmon and cocoa nib with an attractive hint of shiitake mushroom.
Sweetly fruit- and nut-toned. Plum, pistachio, magnolia, baking chocolate, oak in aroma and cup. Crisply sweet structure with brisk acidity; velvety-smooth mouthfeel. The finish consolidates to suggestions of plum, pistachio and oak.
Poised, balanced, quietly complete. Cocoa nib, green grape, freesia-like flowers, roasted almond, brown sugar in aroma and cup. Balanced, sweet-toned structure with vivacious acidity; lively, satiny-smooth mouthfeel. The finish focuses around notes of green grape and freesia with almond undertones.
Crisp, delicately sweet-tart, intricately floral. Narcissus, lime zest, apricot, pipe tobacco, agave syrup in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned with lyrical, juicy acidity; silky, buoyant mouthfeel. Vermouth-like, richly dry finish.
Bright, lively, richly fruit-toned. Dried mango, hazelnut butter, jasmine, honey, cedar in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart with juicy, fruit-toned acidity; very full, syrupy mouthfeel. The resonant finish leads with notes of dried mango and hazelnut supported by honey tones throughout.
Subtly powerful, harmoniously integrated, complete. Pineapple, nectarine, complex florals, cocoa nib, roasted pine nut in aroma and cup. Stunningly bright and expressive structure with very balanced acidity. Silky, buoyant mouthfeel. A deep, very long finish retains the grace and complexity of the cup through to the end.
Crisp, tangy, richly sweet-tart-savory. Vanilla yogurt, guava, dark chocolate, sassafras, sandalwood in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart with savory undertones and tangy acidity; very full, syrupy-smooth mouthfeel. The resonant flavor-saturated finish carries forward all of the notes from the cup.
Deeply and roundly roast-toned. Dark chocolate, singed cedar, raisin, almond, magnolia in aroma and cup. Sweetly savory with gentle, round acidity; crisp, velvety mouthfeel. Chocolate and raisin lead the way in the quiet finish. 
Cleanly fruit-toned, bright and lively. Honeydew melon, dark chocolate, hop flowers, lemon verbena, fresh-cut oak in aroma and cup. Richly bittersweet in structure, balanced with juicy acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel. The finish centers around notes of honeydew and chocolate with brisk undertones of hop flowers.
Richly fruit-forward, chocolate-toned. Dried blueberry, chocolate fudge, gardenia, cashew, orange zest in aroma and cup. Deeply sweet with fruity acidity; plush, creamy mouthfeel. Chocolaty finish with blueberry and orange complication.
Richly floral, deeply chocolaty. Wisteria, dark chocolate, red currant, cedar, molasses in aroma and cup. Crisp, sweetly tart structure with vibrant, juicy acidity; plush, viscous mouthfeel. The quiet finish centers on notes of chocolate, wisteria and cedar.
Delicately sweet-tart, richly and intricately aromatic, deep-toned. Dried hibiscus flowers, bergamot, frankincense, lychee, boysenberry in aroma and cup. Confidently sweet-tart structure with sparkling acidity; silky, buoyant mouthfeel. The long, lingering flavor-saturated finish intoxicatingly blurs fruit and floral notes.
Chocolaty, richly sweet-tart, deep-toned. Chocolate fudge, passion fruit, sandalwood, lily, a hint of Cognac in aroma and cup. Sweetly and opulently tart with generous, bright acidity; lush, viscous mouthfeel. Sandalwood- and chocolate-toned finish with undertones of passionfruit into the long.
Sweet-toned with a distinct lactic tang. Dried mango, fermenty tangerine, fresh yogurt, narcissus, Nutella in aroma and cup. Savory-sweet structure with lactic-leaning acidity; smooth, satiny mouthfeel. The long, sweet finish consolidates around notes of Nutella and tangerine.
Sweet-toned, chocolaty. Baking chocolate, date, roasted cashew, fresh-cut fir, agave syrup in aroma and cup. Sweet structure with brisk acidity; full, velvety mouthfeel. Crisply chocolaty and nut-toned finish.
Deeply floral, cocoa-toned. Lilac, dark chocolate, apricot, almond nougat, sandalwood in aroma and cup. Sweet in structure with bright, juicy acidity; syrupy-smooth mouthfeel. The finish consolidates to notes of dark chocolate and apricot with undertones of sandalwood.
Delicately sweet-tart, richly aromatic. Cocoa nib, green apple, orange zest, hazelnut butter, rhododendron in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with crisp, citrusy acidity; satiny mouthfeel. The nut-toned finish is enlivened by rhododendron-like florals.
Richly fruit- and floral-toned. Blueberry, gardenia, dark chocolate, orange zest, a hint of thyme in aroma and cup. Sweet-savory with gently fruity acidity; full, satiny-smooth mouthfeel.The finish consolidates to notes of blueberry and dark chocolate with undertones of thyme.
Balanced, deeply sweet with savory undertones. Caramel, red apple, baking chocolate, grapefruit zest, freesia-like flowers in aroma and cup. Sweetly savory structure with crisp, lively acidity; lightly syrupy mouthfeel. The finish centers around notes of caramel and freesia with a lasting hint of grapefruit zest.
Richly sweet, chocolaty and fruit-toned. Mango, dark chocolate, sandalwood, maple syrup, rhododendron-like flowers in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned structure with bright, juicy acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel. The resonant, flavor-saturated finish leads with mango and dark chocolate suggestions. 
High-toned, richly sweet-tart. Black currant, hibiscus flower, fresh-cut cedar, roasted cocoa nib, tamarind in aroma and cup. Richly sweet-tart structure with resonant, lively acidity; very syrupy mouthfeel. The pleasing finish leads with black currant and hibiscus flower in the short, rounding to cocoa nib and cedar in the long.
Complexly fruit-driven with subtle savory underpinnings. Strawberry guava, banana, cocoa nib, honeysuckle, hints of goat cheese in aroma and cup. Richly aromatic, deeply sweet with bright, juicy acidity; very full, syrupy mouthfeel. The deep-toned finish elegantly extends the character of the cup.
Delicately and richly aromatic; complex, multi-layered. Plum blossom, guava, cocoa nib, narcissus, lemon verbena in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart with bright, juicy acidity; lush, silky mouthfeel. Flavor-laden finish, cocoa- and floral-driven.
Sweetly tart, deeply savory. Baking spices, caramel, goat milk yogurt, baking chocolate, violet in aroma and cup. Sweet-savory structure with pert acidity; viscous, creamy mouthfeel. A delicate finish consolidates to baking spices with goat milk undertones.
Delicately fruit-forward, richly sweet. Strawberry, raspberry coulis, nougat, elm, maple syrup in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with bright, lively acidity; crisp, satiny mouthfeel. The quiet finish leads with notes of strawberry and nougat.
Crisp, gently fruit-toned. Raspberry jam, baking chocolate, magnolia, almond, cedar in aroma and cup. Sweet structure with round acidity; velvety-smooth mouthfeel. Quiet, chocolaty and nut-driven finish.
Delicately and sweetly herbaceous. Lemon verbena, tangerine zest, cocoa nib, magnolia, oak in aroma and cup. Crisply sweet with gently savory undertones; silky mouthfeel. The finish consolidates to notes of lemon verbena and oak with hints of magnolia-like florals. 
Complex, richly tart, with compelling savory undertones. Dark chocolate, pomegranate yogurt, almond brittle, sandalwood, freesia-like flowers in aroma and cup. Balanced structure with juicy, citrusy acidity; very full, syrupy mouthfeel. The flavor-laden finish carries over all the notes from the cup, dark chocolate and pomegranate in particular.
Delicately rich, floral- and cocoa-toned. Baking chocolate, star jasmine, blackberry, lime zest, brown sugar in aroma and cup. Deeply sweet with vibrant, round acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel. The resonant finish centers around notes of baking chocolate, jasmine and brown sugar.
Richly sweet, chocolaty, spice-toned. Dark chocolate, plum, macadamia nut, baking spices, narcissus in aroma and cup. Sweet structure with gentle, round acidity; syrupy-smooth mouthfeel. The finish is deeply chocolaty with notes of baking spices lingering into the long.
Spice-toned, fruit-driven. Dried raspberry, cocoa powder, lemon verbena, cedar, agave syrup in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart structure with brisk acidity; full, satiny-smooth mouthfeel. Fruit-toned finish with notes of dried raspberry and cocoa undertones.
Provocative in structure, richly sweet-savory, tangy. Pineapple kefir, vanilla, cocoa nib, aromatic orchid, fresh-cut fir in aroma and cup. Sweet-savory structure with high-toned acidity; lightly syrupy, very viscous mouthfeel. The finish consolidates to notes of vanilla, cocoa and tangy pineapple.
Sweetly tart, fruit- and floral-toned. Apricot, jasmine, cocoa nib, nougat, hazelnut butter in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with juicy, balanced acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel. The resonant, flavor-saturated finish carries over all the lovely aromatics from the cup.
Chocolaty, floral-toned. Baking chocolate, honeysuckle, date, almond butter, cedar in aroma and cup. Sweet structure with bright acidity; satiny-smooth mouthfeel. Baking chocolate and honeysuckle, supported by cedar, carry the finish.
Delicate, complex, multi-layered. Wild honey, bergamot, freesia-like flowers, thyme, green apple in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart with citrusy-bright acidity; delicate, silky mouthfeel. Gentle tea-like finish with notes of bergamot and wild honey.
Evaluated as espresso. Crisply sweet, chocolaty and nut-toned. Baking chocolate, raisin, hazelnut, fresh-cut fir, molasses in aroma and small cup. Crisp, velvety mouthfeel; richly drying, wood-framed finish. Nutella-like in three parts milk.
Balanced, richly sweet-tart. Lychee, orange zest, amber oil, cocoa nib, narcissus-like flowers in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned structure with poised acidity; syrupy-smooth mouthfeel. The floral-toned finish centers around amber and orange zest suggestions.
Cocoa-toned, gently tart. Pomegranate, cocoa powder, almond, narcissus, molasses in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with brisk acidity; satiny mouthfeel. The finish consolidates to notes of cocoa powder and molasses.
Citrusy, spice-toned. Dried orange zest, baking spices, golden raisin, hazelnut, fresh-cut oak in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned structure with brisk acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel. The crisp finish is redolent with dried orange zest and baking spices. 
Crisply sweet-tart, floral-toned. Narcissus, plum, baking chocolate, almond, brown sugar in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart structure with vibrant acidity; satiny-smooth mouthfeel. The quiet finish centers around suggestions of brown sugar and almond.
Delicate, cleanly fruit-toned. Raspberry, cocoa nib, vanilla bean, magnolia, cedar in aroma and cup. Richly sweet with balanced acidity; lightly syrupy mouthfeel. The finish consolidates to cocoa nib and vanilla bean with undertones of raspberry. 
Sweetly savory, rich and deep. Dark chocolate, violet, pomegranate, maple syrup, cedar in aroma and cup. Crisply bright with juicy acidity; very syrupy mouthfeel. Notes of violet and pomegranate, with undertones of cedar, resonate in the finish.
 Sweetly tart, vibrant. Dried apricot, caramel, magnolia, thyme, oak in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with brisk acidity; plush, viscous mouthfeel. The quiet finish leads with notes of caramel-toned apricot and fresh-cut oak.
Delicate, richly aromatic, floral-toned. Honeysuckle, cocoa nib, pink grapefruit zest, apricot, marjoram in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart with juicy, high-toned acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel. Floral- and cocoa-driven finish.
Evaluated as espresso. Bright, juicy, floral-toned. Chocolate fudge, black cherry, lemon verbena, brown sugar, sandalwood in aroma and cup. Satiny-smooth mouthfeel; the crisply sweet finish leads with black cherry and brown sugar suggestions. In cappuccino-scaled milk, black cherry and dark chocolate notes harmonize far into the long finish.
Evaluated as espresso. Deep-toned, richly sweet-tart. Tamarind, plum, dark chocolate, cedar, molasses in aroma and small cup. Very syrupy mouthfeel; the finish centers on tamarind and rich cedar notes. Balanced in three parts milk, driven by stone fruit and chocolate.
Vibrantly sweet-tart. Lime zest, tea rose, cocoa nib, sandalwood, a hint of marjoram in aroma and cup. Brightly sweet with juicy acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel. The fruit-toned finish is balanced by crisp cocoa nib.
Deep, rich, sweetly earth-toned. Pipe tobacco, baking chocolate, plum, nougat, narcissus-like flowers in aroma and cup. Sweet structure with pert acidity; full, creamy mouthfeel. Pipe tobacco and nougat complicate the chocolaty finish.
Sweetly spice-toned. Baking spices, rhododendron, dark chocolate, hazelnut, molasses in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned with gentle acidity; full, syrupy mouthfeel. Drying finish with notes of cinnamon and nutmeg in the short, rounding to chocolate in the long. 
Evaluated as espresso. Dark chocolate, magnolia, cedar, black cherry, lemon zest in aroma and small cup. Delicate, satiny mouthfeel; chocolaty, floral finish supported by aromatic wood notes. The milk shot is chocolate- and flower-driven.
Chocolaty and sweetly nut-toned. Baking chocolate, almond butter, nougat, lychee, lily in aroma and cup. Sweet structure with gentle, round acidity; velvety-smooth mouthfeel. Crisp, chocolaty finish with undertones of almond and lily.
Crisply sweet, citrusy. Orange zest, cocoa powder, hazelnut, oak, maple syrup in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned structure with brisk acidity; delicate, silky mouthfeel. The gently drying finish centers on notes of cocoa-toned orange and hazelnut.
Cocoa-and spice-toned. Cocoa powder, cherry, fir, hazelnut, cinnamon in aroma and cup. Sweet structure with bright acidity; full, satiny mouthfeel. The finish is nutty and cocoa-driven, supported by hints of cherry and fir.
Sweet-toned, delicately floral. Raspberry, narcissus, cocoa nib, almond, agave syrup in aroma and cup. Deeply sweet structure with rich, vibrant acidity; full, viscous mouthfeel. The finish leads with notes of raspberry and agave in the short, rounding to cocoa nib in the long.
Crisply sweet, gently resonant. Freesia, apricot, pistachio, maple syrup, cedar in aroma and cup. Sweetly savory structure with round acidity; full, syrupy mouthfeel. The finish consolidates to notes of apricot and pistachio.
Sweetly spice-toned. Black currant, tea rose, pink peppercorn, toffee, oak in aroma and cup. Sweet structure with bright, juicy acidity; crisp, velvety mouthfeel. The quiet finish consolidates to notes of black currant and pink peppercorn.
Gently fruit-toned, harmonious and balanced. Strawberry, almond nougat, sandalwood, narcissus, lemon verbena in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart with juicy, bright acidity; vibrant, syrupy mouthfeel. Nicely composed finish centered around strawberry and sandalwood notes.
Complex, sweet-savory. Tamarind, cocoa nib, marzipan, freesia-like flowers, thyme in aroma and cup. Savory-leaning structure with gentle acidity; very full, syrupy-smooth mouthfeel. A crisp finish leads with notes of freesia and tamarind, supported by cocoa nib and thyme.
Crisply deep-toned; rich, complex. Dark chocolate, cedar, musk, dried apricot, red wine grape in aroma and cup. Sweet in structure with bright acidity. The rich-toned finish consolidates to red wine grape and musk.
Richly savory, sweetly herb-toned. Walnut, orange zest, spearmint, freesia-like flowers, brown sugar in aroma and cup. Sweet-savory structure with round, gentle acidity; crisp, satiny mouthfeel. The richly drying, bittersweet finish centers on notes of walnut and brown sugar.
Gently sweet-tart, complexly layered. Blueberry jam, jasmine, almond, cedar, caramel in aroma and cup. Fruit-forward structure with gentle acidity; full, syrupy mouthfeel. Finish consolidates to notes of blueberry and caramel with undertones of cedar.
Richly sweet, caramel-toned. Caramel, grapefruit zest, magnolia, oak, a hint of thyme in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned structure with gentle acidity; very full, syrupy mouthfeel. Caramelly finish with undertones of grapefruit zest and oak.
High-toned, floral. Star jasmine, apricot, lemon verbena, maple syrup, marjoram in aroma and cup. Crisply sweet with vibrant, delicate acidity; silky-smooth mouthfeel. Flavor-saturated short finish with notes of star jasmine and lemon verbena, supported by a hint of marjoram, extending into the long.
Winy and fruit-toned. Wine barrel, cherry pie, sandalwood, agave syrup, gardenia in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart with citrusy acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel. The finish is crisp, tannic, and fruity-floral.
Deep-toned, sweetly fermenty. Oak barrel, chocolate fudge, raspberry, freesia-like flowers, a hint of rum in aroma and cup. Sweet structure with gentle, round acidity; satiny-smooth mouthfeel. Chocolaty, oak-toned finish with rum undertones.
Complex, floral- and citrus-toned. Lilac, cocoa nib, tangerine zest, apricot, sandalwood in aroma and cup. Delicately sweet-tart with juicy acidity; very full, syrupy mouthfeel. The deeply flavor-saturated finish resonates on and on.
Complex, bright, citrusy. Meyer lemon zest, cocoa nib, dried hibiscus flowers, marjoram, red plum in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart with crisp but juicy acidity; lightly viscous, satiny mouthfeel. Layered finish with citrus and cocoa at the center.
Delicate, high-toned, elegantly fruit-driven. Wild strawberry, tangerine zest, cocoa nib, sandalwood, thyme in aroma and cup. Bright, sweetly tart structure with juicy acidity; silky-smooth, lilting mouthfeel. The resonant finish is saturated with flavor notes from aroma and cup in harmonious balance.
Richly sweet-tart, brightly fruit-forward. Pomegranate, cocoa nib, butterscotch, hazelnut, passionflower in aroma in cup. Sweet-savory in structure with citrusy acidity; crisply smooth mouthfeel. Quiet, cocoa-toned finish with sweet hazelnut undertones.
Richly aromatic, chocolaty. Dark chocolate, Bing cherry, pink grapefruit zest, lily, fresh-cut oak in aroma and cup. Crisply sweet with brisk acidity; plush, creamy mouthfeel. The finish consolidates to chocolate-covered cherry with lily undertones.
Deeply sweet, tropical. Pineapple, lychee, baking chocolate, jasmine, lemon verbena in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart with very lively, phosphoric acidity; silky-smooth mouthfeel. The finish is fruit-driven with jasmine undertones.
Richly aromatic, sweetly tart, deeply savory. Lilac, dark chocolate, lemon drop, pink grapefruit zest, shiitake mushroom in aroma and cup. Harmonious sweet-tart-savory structure; lyrical, syrupy-smooth mouthfeel. The flavor-saturated finish leads with citrus notes (lemon drop, pink grapefruit zest) in the short, rounding to deep chocolate and sweet mushroom notes in the long.
Fruit-forward, deep-toned. Blueberry jam, dark chocolate, magnolia, lemon verbena, maple syrup in aroma and cup. Sweet structure with pert acidity; full, syrupy mouthfeel. The berry-driven finish is supported by suggestions of dark chocolate and lemon verbena.
Sweetly savory, complex. Pipe tobacco, date, narcissus, almond, baking chocolate in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned with lively acidity; very full, creamy mouthfeel. The finish centers on notes of date and pipe tobacco.
Evaluated as espresso. Rich, chocolaty, floral. Chocolate fudge, magnolia, blueberry pie, pipe tobacco, almond brittle in aroma and small cup. Crisp, satiny mouthfeel. The chocolaty finish is pleasantly complicated by notes of pipe tobacco. Cappuccino-scaled milk amplifies the chocolate and floral notes.
Rich-toned, sweetly savory. Grape candy, salted chocolate, almond, gardenia, sandalwood in aroma and cup. Savory-leaning structure with gentle acidity; syrupy-smooth mouthfeel. Salted chocolate and gardenia notes lead in the long finish, supported by sandalwood.
Evaluated as espresso. Sweetly tart, nut-toned. Almond butter, carob, lemon zest, date, magnolia in aroma and small cup. Crisp, satiny mouthfeel; nutty finish with hints of carob and lemon zest. In three parts milk, almond and magnolia notes gently harmonize. 
Richly sweet, deeply chocolaty. Milk chocolate, red currant, freesia-like flowers, cedar, maple syrup in aroma and cup. Crisp, sweetly tart structure with vibrant, juicy acidity; plush, viscous mouthfeel. The quiet finish centers around notes of milk chocolate, freesia and maple syrup.
Sweetly nut-toned. Almond, pie cherry, oak, prairie flowers, baking chocolate in aroma and cup. Sweet structure with brisk acidity; velvety-smooth mouthfeel. Gently drying, sweetly nut-toned finish.
Richly sweet, chocolaty. Dark chocolate, pie cherry, orange zest, lily, fresh-cut oak in aroma and cup. Crisply sweet with brisk acidity; full, creamy mouthfeel. The finish consolidates to notes of chocolate-toned tart cherry with undertones of lily.
Bright, richly floral. Jasmine, cocoa nib, tangerine zest, almond nougat, cedar in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with bright, juicy acidity; full, satiny mouthfeel. The satisfying finish leads with notes of jasmine and tangerine in the short, rounding to almond nougat and cocoa nib in the long.
Deep-toned, richly sweet. Raspberry, brown sugar, lime zest, dark chocolate, baking spices in aroma and cup. Sweet structure with round, lively acidity; crisply smooth, velvety mouthfeel. Baking spices and dark chocolate carry the satisfying finish.
Rich, deep, chocolaty. Dark chocolate, hazelnut, plum, maple syrup, cedar in aroma and cup. Sweet structure with brisk acidity; velvety-smooth mouthfeel. Chocolaty finish with undertones of almond and fresh-cut cedar.
Evaluated as espresso. Bright, balanced, deep, complex. Tamarind, dark chocolate, jasmine, sandalwood, pink grapefruit zest in aroma and small cup. Viscous, syrupy mouthfeel; long, flavor-saturated finish. Three parts milk levels out the high notes while foregrounding fudge-like chocolate and spicy florals, all with undertones of sandalwood.
Richly sweet-savory, spice- and floral-toned. Dried apricot, tangerine zest, narcissus-like flowers, brown sugar, a hint of thyme in aroma and cup. In structure, sweetly tart and juicy with a savory depth; syrupy-smooth mouthfeel. Spicy florals carry the quietly flavor-saturated finish. 
High-toned, crisply sweet-tart. Plum, cocoa nib, maple syrup, lilac, cedar in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart structure with bright, juicy acidity; satiny mouthfeel. Resonant, flavor-saturated finish: plum and lilac in the short with cedar resurfacing in the long.
Delicately sweet-tart. Tamarind, almond, lemon verbena, baking chocolate, freesia in aroma and cup. Sweet in structure with bright acidity; light, silky mouthfeel. The flavor-saturated finish is centered around notes of tamarind and almond. 
Sweetly nut-toned. Roasted hazelnut, cedar, cocoa powder, date, magnolia in aroma and cup. Bittersweet structure with gentle acidity; velvety mouthfeel. The finish consolidates to cocoa-toned hazelnut.
Rich-toned, crisp, sweetly bright. Pink grapefruit zest, lavender, cocoa nib, sandalwood, apricot in aroma and cup. Delicate, juicy-sweet in structure; silky-smooth mouthfeel. The quietly complex finish consolidates to apricot and lavender. 
Smoky-sweet, chocolaty. Scorched mesquite, dark chocolate, gardenia, vanilla, roasted almond in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned with brisk acidity; light, delicate mouthfeel. Smoky chocolate notes are supported by scorched mesquite and gardenia in the finish. 
Sweetly fruit-toned, crisply tart. Raspberry, honeysuckle, almond, lemon zest, caramel in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with juicy acidity; full, syrupy-smooth mouthfeel. The finish consolidates to raspberry and caramel notes.
Caramel- and floral-toned. Salted caramel, lilac, Nutella, orange zest, cedar in aroma and cup. Sweet structure with gentle, round acidity; lightly syrupy, vibrant mouthfeel. Rich, caramelly finish with undertones of Nutella and orange zest.
Deeply pungent, sweetly savory. Dark chocolate, narcissus, black cherry, cardamom, cashew in aroma and cup. Sweet-savory structure with roundly tart acidity; full, creamy mouthfeel. The floral-toned finish leads with notes of narcissus, balanced by dark chocolate and cashew underneath. 
Explosively floral, tropical. Star jasmine, dark chocolate, pineapple kefir, pistachio, sandalwood in aroma and cup. Deeply sweet structure with lactic undertones and ripe, floral acidity; plush, syrupy-smooth mouthfeel. Notes of star jasmine lead the zesty finish, complicated by gentle kefir-like suggestions. 
Crisply sweet-tart, fruit-toned. Vanilla yogurt, Ibarra chocolate (chocolate with cinnamon), gardenia, amber, date in aroma and cup. Rich, sweetly tart structure with bright, tangy acidity; syrupy-smooth mouthfeel. Resonant, flavor-laden, long finish.
Richly spice-toned, gently floral. Star anise, baking chocolate, lavender, vanilla, cedar in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart with pert acidity; very smooth, silky mouthfeel. The quietly flavor-laden finish centers around chocolate, lavender and star anise.
Bright, delicately fruit-toned. Raspberry jam, rhododendron, white pepper, maple syrup, cedar in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned with crisp, vibrant acidity. Silky, buoyant mouthfeel. Balanced, resonant finish with lingering notes of raspberry and white pepper.
Deep-toned, cocoa-driven. Cocoa powder, golden raisin, molasses, magnolia, fresh-cut fir in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned in structure with brisk acidity; velvety-smooth mouthfeel. The crisp, cocoa-toned finish is supported by notes of magnolia and fresh-cut fir.
High-toned, floral and chocolaty. Dark chocolate, narcissus, almond, brown sugar, apricot in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart with bright acidity; satiny-smooth mouthfeel. The finish centers around notes of dark chocolate and narcissus.
Cocoa-toned, richly sweet. Baking chocolate, date, hazelnut, thyme, a hint of gardenia in aroma and cup. Sweet in structure with gentle, round acidity; lightly syrupy mouthfeel. Chocolaty, sweetly nut-toned finish.
Crisply sweet, nut-toned. Nutella, plum, cedar, orange zest, a hint of lily in aroma and cup. Sweet structure with gentle, round acidity; velvety-smooth mouthfeel. Floral- and nut-toned finish. 
Evaluated as espresso. High-toned, richly aromatic, juicy and bright. Bing cherry, dark chocolate, fresh-cut cedar, narcissus-like flowers, marjoram in aroma and small cup. Very full, syrupy mouthfeel; resonant, flavor-saturated finish. Concentrated and balanced in three parts milk: floral, tartly fruit-forward, very chocolaty.
Deeply, delicately aromatic, high-toned. Strawberry guava, cocoa nib, mandarinquat, brown sugar, hazelnut in aroma in cup. Sweetly tart with bright, balanced acidity; silky, lightly viscous mouthfeel. Flavor-saturated, long, engaging finish.
Subtly complex, nuanced, high-toned. Mulberry, cocoa nib, tangerine zest, thyme, agave syrup in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with bright, juicy acidity; plush, viscous mouthfeel. The resonant, flavor-saturated finish carries forward all the flavor notes from the cup.
Subtly and sweetly rich, deeply savory. Boysenberry, cocoa nib, fine musk, honeysuckle, oak in aroma and cup. Sweet-savory structure with juicy acidity; crisp, syrupy mouthfeel. The finish resonates with layers of perfumy florals.
Juicy-sweet, high-toned, multi-layered. Strawberry guava, star jasmine, hazelnut, amber, cocoa nib in aroma and cup. Brightly sweet-tart structure with vibrant acidity; lively, satiny-smooth mouthfeel. Fruit- and floral-toned finish.
Very sweet, fruit-toned. Date, rum barrel, narcissus, dark chocolate, marjoram in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with bright, juicy acidity; plush, syrupy-smooth mouthfeel. Long, complex, harmonious finish.
 Vibrantly sweet-tart, balanced. Lemon drop, red currant, cocoa nib, almond butter, cedar in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart structure with bright, vibrant acidity; crisp, satiny mouthfeel. Finish consolidates to notes of citrusy cocoa and red currant.
Citrusy and cocoa-toned. Lemon verbena, baking chocolate, black raspberry, hazelnut, fresh-cut oak in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart structure with crisp, vibrant acidity; smooth, syrupy mouthfeel. Lemon and raspberry notes carry the finish, supported by deep hazelnut tones.
Rich-toned, chocolaty, fruit-centered. Chocolate fudge, persimmon, magnolia, oak, molasses in aroma and cup. Sweet savory structure with balanced, vibrant acidity; very full, syrupy mouthfeel. The finish consolidates to notes of chocolate fudge and magnolia with undertones of oak.
Delicate, deep, gently fruit-forward. Grape candy, almond butter, dark chocolate, rum barrel, narcissus in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with gentle, rounded acidity; viscous, creamy mouthfeel. The finish centers around notes of grape candy, rum barrel and dark chocolate. 
Crisp, balanced, richly nut-toned. Nutella, red apple, freesia, agave syrup, cedar in aroma and cup. Very sweet in structure with brisk acidity; plush, syrupy-smooth mouthfeel. Sweetly nut-toned finish supported by freesia-like floral tones.
Tropically sweet, floral-driven. Star jasmine, mango, date, macadamia nut, amber in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with gently bright acidity; delicately confident acidity. Resonantly fruit- and floral-toned finish.
Delicate, lyrically sweet, gently tart. Tea rose, pink grapefruit zest, cocoa nib, fresh-cut oak, wild honey in aroma and cup. Sweet structure with gently bright acidity; plush, satiny mouthfeel. The finish consolidates to richly sweet notes of tea rose and honey with cocoa nib undertones.
Evaluated as espresso. Deeply and sweetly nut-toned. Almond butter, magnolia, dark chocolate, crisp pear, fresh-cut cedar in aroma and small cup. Viscous, smooth mouthfeel; crisply sweet-tart, finish. Cappuccino-scaled milk amplifies the magnolia and dark chocolate notes.
Delicately sweet-tart. Candy apple, green banana, grapefruit zest, brown sugar, marjoram in aroma and cup. Gently sweet structure with pert acidity; viscous, lively mouthfeel. The quiet finish consolidates to notes of tropical and citrus fruits and sweet garden herbs.
Evaluated as espresso. Deep-toned, chocolaty and tart-savory. Black currant, almond butter, tamarind, dark chocolate, cedar in aroma and small cup. Plush, syrupy mouthfeel; resonant, flavor-saturated finish. In three parts milk, both sweet (chocolate) and tart (tamarind) notes are elevated, enhancing and deepening each other.
Delicately sweet, floral-toned. Honeysuckle, lemon verbena, pink peppercorn, baking chocolate, hazelnut in aroma and cup. Sweet structure with vibrant, balanced acidity; satiny mouthfeel. Floral-toned finish with hints of baking chocolate.
Sweetly floral and berry-driven, balanced. Narcissus, blueberry, honey, nutmeg, milk chocolate in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with round, gentle acidity; plush, syrupy-smooth mouthfeel. Finish leads with notes of blueberry and narcissus in the short, consolidating to milk chocolate in the long.
Delicate, richly aromatic, distinctively high-toned. Bergamot, jasmine, Meyer lemon zest, cocoa nib, praline in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart, floral structure with juicy, balanced acidity; silky, buoyant mouthfeel. Long, juicy, satisfying finish.
Yeasty, richly sweet-savory. Fresh-baked bread, cinnamon, grape candy, baking chocolate, cedar in aroma and cup. Sweet-savory structure with very full, syrupy mouthfeel. The finish consolidates to cinnamon and baking chocolate, supported by fresh-cut cedar.
Balanced, sweet-toned, floral. Tea rose, cocoa nib, pear, almond, oak in aroma and cup. Sweet structure with balanced, poised acidity; satiny-smooth mouthfeel. The floral-toned finish that leads with notes of tea rose and almond with hints of pear.
Delicate, deep; complex. Pomegranate, macadamia nut, pink grapefruit zest, agave syrup, a hint of fresh dill in aroma and cup. Sweet-savory structure with gently tart, juicy acidity; supple, syrupy mouthfeel. The multi-layered finish, long and inviting, retains all of the flavor and aroma notes from the cup and adds a subtle tropical fruit note suggesting lychee.
Very sweet, floral-toned. Freesia, pink grapefruit zest, wild honey, guava, oak in aroma and cup. Balanced, richly sweet structure with high-toned acidity; viscous, satiny mouthfeel. The flavor-saturated finish centers around notes of freesia and pink grapefruit zest.
Opulent, richly sweet-tart-savory. Black currant jam, dark chocolate fudge, cherry blossom, toasted pecan, cedar in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned with tart-savory underpinnings; elegant, balanced, high-toned acidity. Deeply chocolaty and fruit-toned in the finish.
Gently bright, richly floral. Raspberry, dark chocolate, macadamia nut, star jasmine, maple syrup in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart-savory structure with straightforward acidity; plush, velvety-smooth mouthfeel. Quietly juicy, round finish with notes of raspberry and dark chocolate. 
Sweetly tart, floral-driven. Honeysuckle, vanilla bean, cocoa nib, peach, fresh-cut oak in aroma and cup. Crisply sweet structure with gently bright, ripe acidity; very full, viscous mouthfeel. The finish consolidates to notes of peach, vanilla bean and oak.
Chocolaty, deeply sweet-savory. Dark chocolate, fresh ginger, plum blossom, lemon verbena, Italian parsley in aroma and cup. Savory-leaning structure with sweet undertones and crisp, citrusy acidity; lively, tannic mouthfeel. Gently drying, chocolaty and spice-toned finish.
Berry- and chocolate-toned. Strawberry, baking chocolate, cashew butter, lemon zest, elm in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart with juicy acidity; satiny-smooth mouthfeel. The rich-toned finish consolidates to notes of lemon zest, baking chocolate and cashew.
High-toned, richly sweet. Bing cherry, narcissus, almond butter, lemon verbena, cedar in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with bright acidity; crisp, satiny-smooth mouthfeel. The finish leads with notes of cherry and lemon verbena, rounding to rich almond notes in the long.
Deeply sweet, richly savory. Baking chocolate, plum, magnolia, cedar, agave syrup in aroma and cup. Sweet in structure with brisk acidity; satiny mouthfeel. Finish consolidates to notes of plum, magnolia and baking chocolate with cedar undertones.
High-toned, sweetly tart. Raspberry, hazelnut, freesia-like flowers, agave syrup, cedar in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with juicy-bright acidity; full, velvety-smooth mouthfeel. The floral-toned finish is deepened by notes of hazelnut and cedar.
Delicate, resonant, sweet-toned. Bing cherry, almond, baking chocolate, brown sugar, magnolia in aroma and cup. Sweet, gently tart structure with crisp, balanced acidity; smooth mouthfeel. A quiet finish centers around notes of baking chocolate, cherry and brown sugar.
Richly fruit-toned, juicy and deep. Raspberry, dark chocolate, hazelnut, lemon-thyme, sandalwood in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart with brisk acidity; very full, syrupy-smooth mouthfeel. Dark chocolate notes support the fruit-laden finish.
Cocoa-toned, richly floral. Honeysuckle, cocoa nib, red currant, cedar, pink grapefruit zest in aroma and cup. Brightly sweet-tart structure with balanced acidity; smooth, lightly creamy mouthfeel. Finish is resonant, redolent with red currant, cocoa nib and cedar notes.
Deep, sweetly earth-toned. Fresh humus, pipe tobacco, persimmon, molasses, magnolia in aroma and cup. Sweet-savory structure with bright, juicy acidity; very full, syrupy mouthfeel. The finish consolidates to notes of pipe tobacco and magnolia with hints of persimmon.
Confidently sweet-tart, decidedly floral. Honeysuckle, tangerine zest, plum, pipe tobacco, maple syrup in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned with bright, juicy acidity; silky-smooth mouthfeel. Crisp, flavor-saturated finish.
Crisply sweet, nut-toned. Pistachio butter, caramel, pear, lemon verbena, cedar in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with crisp, juicy acidity; full, satiny mouthfeel. A pistachio- and caramel-laden finish is supported by suggestions of fresh-cut cedar.
Delicately fruit-toned. Raspberry jam, lemon thyme, dark chocolate, almond brittle, fresh-cut oak in aroma and cup. Sweet structure with gentle, lively acidity; full, syrupy mouthfeel. Finish consolidates to notes of lemon thyme and oak.
Very sweet, deeply rich. Chocolate fudge, almond brittle, mulberry, amber, oak in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned structure with gentle, round acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel. Chocolaty finish with undertones of mulberry and oak.
High-toned, delicate, richly sweet. Apricot, cocoa nib, plum blossom, cedar, honey in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned structure with bright, juicy acidity; full, syrupy-smooth mouthfeel. Cocoa-toned apricot and plum blossom lead the resonant, lingering finish.
Deep-toned, very sweet. Raspberry, strawberry, grape, fresh-cut fir, agave syrup in aroma and cup. Richly sweet structure with gentle, round acidity; velvety-smooth mouthfeel. Aromatic wood-framed finish with undertones of berry mélange.
Deep-toned, chocolaty. Chocolate-covered graham cracker, almond, cedar, freesia-like flowers, lemon verbena in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned with gentle, round acidity; full, syrupy mouthfeel. Chocolaty finish with undertones of freesia and almond.
Bright, juicy, crisply sweet. Toffee, orange zest, oak, magnolia, vanilla in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with vibrant acidity; crisp, satiny mouthfeel.The finish leads with citrus and magnolia notes in the short, rounding to vanilla-toned toffee in the long.
Evaluated as espresso. Complex, multi-layered, richly deep. Honeysuckle, dark chocolate, dried apricot, perique fermented pipe tobacco, pistachio in aroma and small cup. Viscous, creamy mouthfeel; resonant, long, flavor-saturated finish. The milk shot is floral, chocolaty and stone fruit-driven in equal measure.
Sweetly spice-toned, chocolaty. Star jasmine, dark chocolate, red currant, macadamia nut, pink grapefruit zest in aroma and cup. Sweetly rich, tart structure with vibrant acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel. Notes of star jasmine and black currant carry the lyrically sweet, deep-toned finish.
Evaluated as espresso. Richly fruit-centered, deeply aromatic. Raspberry, dark chocolate, sandalwood, narcissus, lemon verbena in aroma and small cup. Plush, viscous mouthfeel; fruit- and floral-toned finish. In three parts milk, spice-toned sweet florals preside, with support from rich chocolate notes.
Delicately sweet, subtly tart, elegant. Apricot, almond, cocoa nib, key lime, caramel in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with bright, juicy acidity; very full, syrup mouthfeel. Resonant, cocoa-toned finish.
Floral-toned, richly chocolaty. Lilac, toffee, tangerine zest, amber, apricot in aroma and cup. Bittersweet structure with delicately citrusy acidity; silky-smooth mouthfeel. The crisp finish consolidates to notes of toffee and tangerine zest with undertones of amber.
Crisply sweet, cocoa-toned. Cocoa powder, orange zest, fresh date, cedar, lily in aroma and cup. Sweet structure with pert acidity; crisp, silky mouthfeel. Finish consolidates to notes of cocoa powder and lily with cedar undertones. 
Delicate, sweetly nut-toned. Candied walnut, persimmon, grapefruit zest, oak, magnolia in aroma and cup. Richly sweet structure with gentle, round acidity; lightly syrupy mouthfeel. The gently drying finish is redolent of candied walnut.
Delicate, richly aromatic. Bergamot, plum, almond, honeysuckle, cedar in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned with bright, juicy acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel. The resonant finish centers around notes of bergamot, honeysuckle and cedar. 
Evaluated as espresso. Richly chocolaty, fruit-toned. Dark chocolate, raspberry jam, cedar, caramel, lemon verbena in aroma and small cup. Crisp, syrupy-smooth mouthfeel; chocolaty, sweetly herbaceous finish. In three parts milk, raspberry notes recede and caramel and chocolate come forward.
Vibrant, juicy, cocoa-toned. Apricot, cocoa nib, honeysuckle, hazelnut butter, cedar in aroma and cup. Brightly sweet with lively acidity; plush, syrupy-smooth mouthfeel. The resonant finish consolidates around cocoa nib and a hint of apricot.
Delicately vibrant, crisply sweet-tart. Peach, cocoa nib, lilac, pink grapefruit zest, pistachio in aroma and cup. Balanced, sweetly tart in structure; richly silky mouthfeel. The satisfying finish consolidates to notes of cocoa-toned stone fruit.
Crisply sweet-tart. Green apple, magnolia, oak, maple syrup, almond in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with brisk acidity; delicate, silky mouthfeel. Almond and apple notes lead in the quiet finish.
Lyrically sweet, juicy, elegantly bright. Strawberry guava, coconut, hop flowers, narcissus, lemon balm in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart with juicy, tantalizing acidity; delicate, very silky mouthfeel. Resonant, long, flavor-saturated finish. 
Delicate, sweetly tart, richly aromatic. Lemon verbena, raspberry, sandalwood, almond butter, freesia-like flowers in aroma and cup. Sweet structure with vibrant, citrusy acidity; very full, syrupy smooth mouthfeel. The finish consolidates to notes of lemon verbena and sandalwood.
Vibrant, sweetly savory, floral-toned. Cocoa nib, black currant, amber, honeysuckle, hop flowers in aroma and cup. Sweetly savory structure with juicy acidity; crisp, lightly syrupy mouthfeel. The resonant finish centers around black currant and hop flowers in the short, cocoa nib and amber in the long.
Crisply sweet, deeply rich. Date, baking chocolate, magnolia, maple syrup, hazelnut butter in aroma and cup. Sweet in structure with brisk acidity; full, syrupy mouthfeel. Chocolaty, sweetly nut-toned finish. 
Sweetly savory, floral-toned. Lily, hazelnut, cocoa powder, black cherry, oak in aroma and cup. Sweet structure with pert acidity; full but lively mouthfeel. Floral tones fade in the finish, while cocoa powder and fresh-cut oak come forward. 
Rich-toned, deeply aromatic. Black currant, toffee, narcissus, cedar, agave syrup in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart with bright, juicy acidity; syrupy-smooth mouthfeel. The finish consolidates to notes of black currant and toffee that carry far into the long.
Crisply chocolaty, rich-toned. Baking chocolate, cashew, graham cracker, golden raisin, a hint of marjoram in aroma and cup. Sweet structure with mild acidity; crisp, velvety mouthfeel. The finish is chocolaty and nut-driven with undertones of marjoram.
High-toned, balanced. Meyer lemon zest, cocoa nib, red plum, almond brittle, cedar in aroma and cup. Sweet structure with brisk acidity; satiny-smooth mouthfeel. The sweetly nut-toned finish is redolent of almond butter with undertones of Meyer lemon zest.
Rich, deep-toned. Cocoa powder, roasted cashew, persimmon, bay leaf, fresh-cut fir in aroma and cup. Sweetly savory with gentle, round acidity; full, satiny-smooth mouthfeel. The cocoa-driven finish is complicated by persimmon and fir.
Delicate, spice-toned. Bergamot, cocoa nib, yellow plum, almond, a hint of jasmine in aroma and cup. Sweet-savory in structure with brisk acidity; light, satiny mouthfeel. The spice-toned finish leads with notes of bergamot and plum in the short, rounding to nut-toned cocoa in the long.
Fruit-toned, chocolaty. Blueberry, dark chocolate, cedar, lemon zest, a hint of gardenia in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned with gentle, fruit-driven acidity; crisp, velvety mouthfeel. The resonant finish centers around notes of blueberry and dark chocolate with cedar undertones.
Evaluated as espresso. Chocolate fudge, pomegranate, cedar, honeysuckle, lime zest in aroma and small cup. Plush, syrupy mouthfeel; deep, chocolaty finish. In three parts milk, both chocolate and floral notes are amplified, complicated by pomegranate and cedar.
Bright, sweetly tart, cocoa-toned. Cocoa nib, Meyer lemon zest, nougat, red apple, almond in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with crisp, high-toned acidity; silky-smooth mouthfeel. The finish consolidates to notes of cocoa-toned nougat and almond.
Crisply sweet-tart, high-toned. Lemon verbena, plum, narcissus, cocoa nib, maple syrup in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with bright, juicy acidity; delicate, silky mouthfeel. The resonant finish centers around notes of plum and cocoa nib with undertones of narcissus-like flowers.
Crisply sweet, deep-toned. Pecan pralines, date, magnolia, cedar, baking chocolate in aroma and cup. Sweet structure with brisk acidity; satiny mouthfeel. Notes of baking chocolate lead the quiet finish, supported by pecan and cedar.
Rich-toned, deeply aromatic. Dark chocolate, hop flowers, brown sugar, orange zest, hazelnut in aroma and cup. Bittersweet structure with gentle, round acidity; velvety mouthfeel. Chocolaty finish with undertones of orange zest and hazelnut. 
A splendid, uncompromising example of its style, though not for everyone. Fresh humus, perique pipe tobacco, freshly dried prune, musk, raw chocolate in aroma and cup. Sweet-savory structure with low-toned, round acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel. The sweetly earth-toned finish is long and resonant, with notes of forest floor, pipe tobacco and musk.
Bright and tropical; deeply sweet. Lychee, amber, ginger blossom, almond butter, a hint of coconut in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with crisp, citrusy acidity; full, syrupy mouthfeel. The finish consolidates to notes of ginger blossom and coconut.
Elegantly floral, delicately fruit-toned. Honeysuckle, pink grapefruit zest, agave syrup, cocoa nib, lemon balm in aroma and cup. Richly sweet structure with bright, balanced acidity; lyrically silky mouthfeel. Pretty floral-leaning finish centers on notes of honeysuckle and lemon balm with undertones of cocoa nib.
Very fruit-forward; deeply and richly sweet. Mulberry, date, hop flowers, narcissus, fresh-cut oak in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned with crisp, winy acidity; very full, satiny mouthfeel. The bittersweet finish leads with notes of mulberry and hop flowers, supported by fresh-cut oak.
Deeply sweet, chocolaty. Chocolate fudge, magnolia, almond brittle, gently scorched sandalwood, marshmallow in aroma and cup. Bittersweet structure with gentle, round acidity; full, creamy mouthfeel. Chocolaty finish with almond and sandalwood undertones. 
Gently fruit-toned, wood-framed. Guava, fresh-cut fir, narcissus, cocoa nib, lemon thyme in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with brisk acidity; delicate, velvety mouthfeel. Cocoa nib and fir carry the crisp, quiet finish.
Evaluated as espresso. Deep-toned, chocolaty and rich. Dark chocolate, hazelnut, gently scorched cedar, raisin, gardenia-like flowers in aroma and small cup. Full, creamy mouthfeel; chocolaty, wood-framed finish. Milk amplifies both dark chocolate and hazelnut notes in a richly sweet presentation.
Sweetly nut-toned. Roasted almond, date, baking chocolate, lily, fir in aroma and cup. Sweet structure with brisk acidity; velvety-smooth mouthfeel. Pleasing nut tones supported by notes of aromatic wood animate the gently drying finish.
Richly sweet-tart, fruit-forward. Dried raspberry, dark chocolate, almond brittle, thyme, lemon verbena in aroma and cup. Brightly sweet with juicy acidity; satiny-smooth mouthfeel. Resonant, flavor-laden finish.
Crisply sweet, balanced. Plum, orange zest, almond butter, freesia-like flowers, cedar in aroma and cup. Sweet structure with brisk acidity; very smooth, syrupy mouthfeel. The finish consolidates to notes of rich almond butter and orange zest, with cedar undertones.
Balanced, sweet-toned. Date, baking chocolate, cedar, freesia-like flowers, almond in aroma and cup. Sweet structure with brisk acidity; satiny-smooth mouthfeel. The cedary finish is supported by notes of date and freesia.
Delicate, high-toned, crisply sweet-tart. Guava, pink peppercorn, cocoa nib, tangerine zest, fresh-cut oak in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned with tart-leaning, juicy acidity; delicately silky mouthfeel. The long, flavor-saturated finish centers on guava and pink peppercorn.
Gently fruit-toned. Raspberry jam, wine barrel, dark chocolate, hazelnut, gardenia in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned with brisk acidity; velvety-smooth mouthfeel. The finish evokes hard berry cider with chocolate and gardenia undertones.
Crisply sweet, chocolaty. Baking chocolate, raisin, cedar, almond, lily in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned structure with brisk acidity; velvety mouthfeel. Gently drying finish consolidates to notes of chocolate-toned raisin and cedar.
 Deeply sweet, rich-toned, juicy. Dried apricot, dark chocolate, cashew, pink grapefruit zest, magnolia in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with balanced acidity; full, syrupy mouthfeel. The fruit-forward finish is balanced by notes of cashew and dark chocolate.
Evaluated as espresso. Richly chocolaty, sweetly nut-toned. Dark chocolate, hazelnut butter, magnolia, gently scorched cedar, date in aroma and small cup. Full, creamy-smooth mouthfeel; crisply sweet, chocolate- and nut-toned finish. In cappuccino-scaled milk, chocolate notes brighten, supported by notes of gently scorched cedar and magnolia.
Bright, juicy, richly fruit-centered. Pineapple guava, cocoa nib, marjoram, hazelnut, cedar in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with brisk acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel. Fruit-forward finish with undertones of marjoram and cedar.
Crisply sweet, chocolaty. Baking chocolate, hazelnut, vanilla bean, persimmon, fresh-cut cedar in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned structure with brisk acidity; smooth, velvety mouthfeel. The finish consolidates around suggestions of cedar-toned chocolate.
Crisply sweet, fruit-toned. Plum, apple blossom, oak, caramel, lemon verbena in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with gentle, round acidity; satiny mouthfeel. The finish rounds to notes of caramel-toned plum with a hint of lemon verbena.
Cleanly fruit-forward. Lychee, ripe pear, freesia-like flowers, maple syrup, fresh-cut fir in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned structure with brisk acidity; very full, syrupy-smooth mouthfeel. The finish is fruit-toned with complications of fresh-cut fir and freesia.
Concentrated, rich-toned, deep. Dried plum, sandalwood, baking chocolate, star jasmine, lemon thyme in aroma and cup. Deeply sweet structure with bright acidity; very full, satiny-smooth mouthfeel. Finish consolidates to notes of dried plum and sandalwood with hints of baking chocolate.
Bright, crisply sweet. Honeydew melon, hazelnut, cocoa nib, narcissus, cedar in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned structure with lively, high-toned acidity; full, velvety mouthfeel. Nut- and cocoa-toned finish with hints of narcissus-like flowers. 
Fruit-forward, delicately spice-toned. Pink grapefruit zest, apricot, freesia-like flowers, fresh-cut oak, almond butter in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with brisk acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel. The resonant finish consolidates to notes of pink grapefruit zest and almond butter.
Balanced, richly sweet. Apricot, agave syrup, baking chocolate, cashew butter, tangerine zest in aroma and cup. Sweet structure with pert acidity; plush, syrupy-smooth mouthfeel. The long, gentle finish centers around notes of chocolate and cashew butter with hints of tangerine zest.
Crisply sweet-tart, high-toned. Meyer lemon zest, cocoa nib, hazelnut, dried hibiscus flower, marjoram in aroma and cup. Bright, tart-leaning structure with juicy acidity; delicate, silky mouthfeel. Citrusy finish supported by tart florals and cocoa nib.
Evaluated as espresso. Richly spice-toned, deeply floral. Honeysuckle, black cherry, baking spices, dark chocolate, amber in aroma and small cup. Plush, syrupy-smooth mouthfeel; finely balanced, flavor-saturated finish. The milk shot amplifies floral tones suggesting honeysuckle with undertones of black cherry and warming spices. 
Evaluated as espresso. Richly floral, complex, nuanced. Lilac, dark chocolate, black cherry, myrrh, lemon-thyme in aroma and small cup. Very syrupy-smooth mouthfeel; deep, rich, flavor-laden finish. This coffee particularly impresses in three parts milk, with lyric, lilac top notes, rich, fudge-like bottom notes, and black cherry, myrrh and lemon thyme in the mid-palate.
Subtly complex, deeply sweet. Star jasmine, cocoa nib, mango, frankincense, spearmint in aroma and cup. Bright, juicy acidity; viscous, syrupy mouthfeel. The balanced finish leads with notes of star jasmine and mango, followed by cocoa suggestions.
Delicate, high-toned, complex. Guava, cocoa nib, narcissus, sandalwood, hazelnut butter in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with bright, juicy acidity; very smooth, syrupy mouthfeel. Resonant finish consolidates to attractive notes of guava and cocoa nib.
Evaluated as espresso. Richly aromatic, deeply fruit-toned. Dried apricot, sandalwood, narcissus, almond, dark chocolate in aroma and small cup. Viscous, syrupy mouthfeel; quiet, cleanly fruit-centered finish. In cappuccino-scaled milk, apricot and narcissus notes particularly please.
Balanced, bright. Cocoa nib, orange zest, almond brittle, plum, cedar in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned with juicy, high-toned acidity; crisp, velvety mouthfeel. Quiet finish that leads with notes of cocoa nib and orange zest, rounding to cedar in the long.
Crisply sweet, chocolaty. Baking chocolate, apricot, lemon verbena, fresh-cut fir, nougat in aroma and cup. Sweet in structure with brisk acidity; crisp, satiny-smooth mouthfeel. The finish centers around notes of baking chocolate, fir, and lemon verbena.
Evaluated as espresso. Bright, juicy, cleanly fruit-forward. Dark chocolate, pomegranate, tangerine zest, brown sugar, oak in aroma and small cup. Satiny-smooth mouthfeel; the crisply sweet finish leads with pomegranate and brown sugar notes, followed by fresh-cut oak. Pomegranate and dark chocolate saturate the rich milk shot.
Richly sweet, deeply berry-toned. Dried blueberry, rhododendron, lime zest, dark chocolate, cedar in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned structure with gentle, round acidity; very syrupy mouthfeel. The finish consolidates to notes of dried blueberry and dark chocolate with cedar undertones.
Delicately sweet-savory. Lychee, hyacinth, Chinese five-spice, almond, cedar in aroma and cup. Sweet-savory structure with brisk acidity; velvety mouthfeel. Spice-toned finish with notes of Chinese five-spice supported by almond and cedar.
Spice-toned, richly floral. Lavender, cashew butter, apricot, fir, cane sugar in aroma and cup. Crisply sweet structure with brisk acidity; satiny mouthfeel. Wood-framed finish with undertones of lavender and cashew.
Sweet-savory, deeply aromatic. Dried raspberry, young goat cheese, vanilla, dark chocolate, barley in aroma and cup. Savory-leaning structure with sweet-tart lactic acidity; syrupy-smooth mouthfeel. Fruit-toned, chocolaty finish with a lactic tang.
Crisply sweet-tart, nut-toned. Green apple, almond brittle, magnolia, thyme, cedar in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with brisk acidity; delicate, satiny mouthfeel. Quiet, sweetly nut-toned finish.
Gently crisp, sweet-toned. Honeydew melon, baking chocolate, hazelnut, fir, lemon verbena in aroma and cup. Sweet in structure with pert acidity; lightly satiny mouthfeel. Nut-toned finish with undertones of aromatic wood.
Citrusy, richly earth-toned. Orange zest, fresh-cut oak, green grape, hibiscus flower, Brazil nut in aroma and cup. Savory-sweet structure with low-toned acidity; smooth, velvety mouthfeel. Richly earth-toned finish with notes of oak, Brazil nut and orange zest.
Deeply sweet, fruit-toned. Golden raisin, lime zest, freesia-like flowers, oak, honey in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned structure with gentle, round acidity; lightly syrupy mouthfeel. Finish leads with notes of raisin and freesia supported by oak and lime zest.
Lyrically sweet, luxuriously chocolaty. Chocolate fudge, tamarind, sandalwood, narcissus, a hint of wine barrel in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart structure with vibrant, juicy acidity; plush, creamy mouthfeel. The finish resolves around chocolate fudge and tamarind with undertones of rich sandalwood.
Richly aromatic, tropical. Lychee, pineapple, cocoa nib, lemon verbena, ginger blossom in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart with bright, juicy acidity; full, syrupy-smooth mouthfeel. Long, resonant, flavor-saturated finish.
Balanced, deep-toned, floral. Honeysuckle, apricot, almond butter, dark chocolate, a hint of thyme in aroma and cup. Sweet structure with comfortable, straightforward acidity; plush, viscous mouthfeel. Floral-driven finish with undertones of dark chocolate and almond.
Richly sweet-tart, cleanly fruit-toned. Pineapple guava, rhododendron, cocoa nib, cane sugar, a hint of spearmint in aroma and cup. Brightly sweet with citrusy acidity; full, satiny-smooth mouthfeel. The crisp, lingering finish centers around notes of rhododendron and spearmint.
Crisply sweet-tart, balanced, bright. Nectarine, narcissus, Meyer lemon zest, nougat, cedar in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart structure with lively, almost effervescent acidity; satiny-smooth, fluffy mouthfeel. The lingering finish leads with notes of nectarine and narcissus, rounding to nougat in the long.
Delicately sweet, deeply fruit-toned. Goji berry, alyssum, almond brittle, marjoram, sandalwood in aroma and cup. Sweet structure with high-toned acidity; very full, viscous mouthfeel. Finish consolidates to notes of goji berry and almond brittle.
Gently fruit-forward. Dried apricot, almond brittle, vanilla, freesia-like flowers, fresh-cut fir in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned with brisk acidity; viscous, satiny mouthfeel. The finish consolidates to vanilla, almond brittle and fresh-cut fir.
 Sweetly tart, juicy-rich. Pie cherry, dark chocolate, orange zest, maple syrup, hazelnut in aroma and cup. Tart-leaning structure with bold acidity; velvety mouthfeel. The finish consolidates around dark chocolate and orange zest with undertones of hazelnut.
 Deeply sweet-savory, berry-toned. Mulberry, brown sugar, Meyer lemon zest, dark chocolate, hop flowers in aroma and cup. Sweet-savory structure with gentle, round acidity; very full, syrupy mouthfeel. Richly bittersweet finish with notes of brown sugar, dark chocolate, and hop flowers.
Deeply rich and sweet. Molasses, dark chocolate, almond, lily, date in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned structure with gentle, round acidity; velvety mouthfeel. Crisp, quiet finish centers around notes of dark chocolate and almond.
Evaluated as espresso. Richly aromatic, deeply sweet-savory, floral-toned. Hop flowers, lilac, butterscotch, almond brittle, date in aroma and small cup. Syrupy-smooth mouthfeel; resonant, lasting finish redolent of both sweet and savory florals and deep nut-butter tones.
Delicately fruit-toned, sweetly herbaceous. Dried mango, cocoa nib, lemon verbena, almond, star jasmine in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with gently bright acidity; full, viscous mouthfeel. Long, resounding flavor-saturated finish.
Deeply aromatic, sweet-savory. Grape candy, dark chocolate, lavender, shiitake mushroom, cedar in aroma and cup. Sweetly savory structure with gentle, round acidity; full, syrupy mouthfeel. Savory-tending finish consolidates to notes of Shiitake mushroom and lavender.
Evaluated as espresso. Cleanly fruit-toned, deep, complex. Pomegranate, narcissus, lemon-thyme, chocolate fudge, sandalwood in aroma and small cup. Creamy mouthfeel; richly chocolaty finish with undertones of sandalwood. The milk shot is chocolaty through and through, fudge-like in its depth, complicated by sweet-tart pomegranate notes.
Evaluated as espresso. Rich-toned, bright, chocolaty. Tamarind, pink grapefruit zest, dark chocolate, hazelnut butter, fresh-cut cedar in aroma and small cup. Syrupy-smooth mouthfeel; richly bittersweet finish with notes of dark chocolate and pink grapefruit zest. In three parts milk, nut and dark chocolate notes pleasingly dominate.
Delicately sweet-tart, rich-toned. Dried apricot, dark chocolate, hazelnut butter, gardenia, marjoram in aroma and cup. Sweet structure with tart, juicy acidity; full, satiny-smooth mouthfeel. The quiet finish centers around dried apricot and hazelnut.
Richly sweet-savory, multi-layered, deeply floral. Honeysuckle, red currant, ripe tomato, cedar, dark chocolate in aroma and cup. Balanced, bittersweet structure with bright, juicy acidity; plush, syrupy-smooth mouthfeel. Chocolate-driven finish with undertones of honeysuckle and red currant.
Bright, juicy, high-toned. Guava, almond butter, wild honey, tangerine zest, narcissus-like flowers in aroma and cup. Richly sweet, elegantly tart structure with high-toned, vibrant acidity; very full, syrupy mouthfeel. The long, lingering, flavor-saturated finish carries forward all the notes from the cup.
Richly aromatic, deeply complex. Tamarind, narcissus, black currant, ripe tomato, cocoa nib in aroma and cup. Sweet-savory structure with juicy-tart acidity; very full, syrupy-smooth mouthfeel. Savory-leaning finish driven by notes of ripe tomato and cocoa nib with undertones of black currant and cedar.
Elegantly fruit-forward, richly floral-toned. Star jasmine, lychee, frankincense, Meyer lemon zest, wild honey in aroma and cup. Bright, lyrical structure with zesty acidity; creamy, full mouthfeel. Long, rich, resonant finish redolent of jasmine and lychee.
Juicy, bright, tropical. Pineapple, myrrh, coconut, freesia-like flowers, almond brittle in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with juicy, lively acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel. The finish leads with notes of pineapple and freesia, rounding to almond and coconut in the long.
Deeply spice-toned, singular and complex. Dried red currant, sandalwood, fresh cinnamon, dark chocolate, brown sugar in aroma and cup. Richly sweet with wine-toned acidity; viscous, full mouthfeel. The spice-toned finish is supported by notes of dark chocolate and red currant.
Chocolaty, sweetly nut-toned. Baking chocolate, hazelnut butter, Bing cherry, cedar, maple syrup in aroma and cup. Sweet in structure with brisk acidity; lightly syrupy mouthfeel. The resonant finish leads with notes of baking chocolate and hazelnut (think Nutella) with undertones of cherry.
Cocoa-toned, balanced. Cocoa powder, date, magnolia, orange zest, hazelnut in aroma and cup. Sweet in structure with gentle, round acidity; satiny-smooth mouthfeel. The gently drying finish centers around notes of cocoa powder and orange zest with undertones of magnolia.
Crisp, vibrant, high-toned. Red grape, milk chocolate, freesia-like flower, hazelnut, a hint of rosemary in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart with juicy-bright acidity; satiny-smooth mouthfeel. Sweetly herbaceous, gently floral finish.
Sweetly nut- and cocoa-toned. Baking chocolate, almond, raisin, lily, fresh-cut fir in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned structure with brisk acidity; velvety mouthfeel. Wood-framed finish with notes of fir and baking chocolate.
Blind assessment: Delicately floral-toned. Lilac, pear, maple syrup, almond, orange zest in aroma and cup. Crisply sweet with brisk acidity; lightly satiny mouthfeel. Almond and caramel notes lead the quiet, pleasing finish.
Gently fruit-toned, wood-framed. Prune, balsa wood, cashew, lemon zest, a hint of gardenia in aroma and cup. Sweet-savory structure with gently bittersweet acidity; velvety mouthfeel. Notes of balsa wood and cashew drive the finish.
Richly fruit- and floral-toned. Raspberry, honeysuckle, praline, marjoram, oak in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with crisp, citrusy acidity; viscous, syrupy mouthfeel. The rich-toned finish consolidates to notes of praline and fresh-cut oak.
Vibrant, sweet-savory, floral-toned. Cocoa nib, red currant, myrrh, honeysuckle, hop flowers in aroma and cup. Sweetly savory structure with juicy acidity; crisp, lightly syrupy mouthfeel. The resonant finish centers on red currant and hop flowers in the short, cocoa nib and myrrh in the long.
Evaluated as espresso. Delicate, sweetly nut-toned. Cashew butter, prairie flowers, fresh-cut fir, caramel, a hint of pear in aroma and small cup. Velvety-smooth mouthfeel; richly nut-framed finish. Nutty through and through in milk, evoking rich cashew butter.
Evaluated as espresso. Richly sweet, crisply chocolaty. Dark chocolate, date, magnolia, oak, a hint of marjoram in aroma and small cup. Satiny mouthfeel; crisp, chocolaty finish. In cappuccino-scaled milk, deep chocolate notes are further animated, as are magnolia-like florals.
Evaluated as espresso. Richly sweet, multi-layered. Baking chocolate, honeysuckle, black cherry, hazelnut, fresh-cut oak in aroma and small cup. Creamy, viscous mouthfeel; chocolaty, nut-toned finish. In cappuccino-scaled milk, dark chocolate and black cherry take center stage.
Brightly sweet, richly tart. Rose hips, dried nectarine, frangipane, cedar, agave syrup in aroma and cup. Tart-leaning structure with pert acidity; smooth, syrupy mouthfeel. Finish consolidates to notes of rose hips and cedar.
Richly sweet, floral-toned. Magnolia, date, almond, caramel, fresh-cut cedar in aroma and cup. Sweet structure with gentle, round acidity; full, syrupy-smooth mouthfeel. Floral and nut-toned finish.
Citrusy and sweetly herbaceous, cocoa-toned. Cocoa nib, marjoram, pink grapefruit zest, nougat, cedar in aroma and cup. Sweetly savory with juicy acidity; silky-smooth mouthfeel. The finish consolidates to notes of cocoa nib, marjoram and nougat.
Gently fruit-toned, sweetly tart. Plum, cocoa nib, lemon verbena, oak, maple syrup in aroma and cup. Crisp, high-toned with juicy acidity; satiny mouthfeel. The sweetly herbaceous finish is driven by lemon verbena and maple syrup notes with oak undertones.
Balanced, delicate, floral-toned. Dogwood flowers, baking chocolate, apricot, cedar, agave syrup in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned with balanced acidity; satiny-smooth mouthfeel. Chocolaty, gently floral finish with a cedar throughline.
Delicate, crisply sweet. Prairie flowers, fresh-cut fir, almond, orange zest, date in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with brisk acidity; lightly satiny mouthfeel. Wood-framed finish with undertones of orange zest and almond.
Deep-toned, chocolaty. Dark chocolate, graham cracker, marshmallow, dried cranberry, lily in aroma and cup. Sweet in structure with gentle, round acidity; very syrupy-smooth mouthfeel. Chocolaty finish with floral undertones.
Deeply and richly sweet, resonantly aromatic. Dried mango, wild honey, lilac, pistachio, tangerine zest in aroma and cup. Juicy-sweet structure with refined acidity; lush, syrupy mouthfeel. The finish centers around notes of mango, honey and pistachio.
Evaluated as espresso. Gently roast-toned, nut-framed. Cashew butter, cocoa powder, fig newton, lily, cedar in aroma and small cup. Crisp, satiny mouthfeel; bittersweet, crisply nutty finish. In three parts milk, sweet pecan and cocoa powder quietly harmonize.
Deep-toned, richly bittersweet. Hop flowers, cocoa powder, goji berry, lemon zest, pecan in aroma and cup. Bittersweet structure with low-toned, crisp acidity; very full, creamy mouthfeel. Notes of pecan and cocoa characterize the gentle finish.
Chocolaty and deep-toned. Date, baking chocolate, hazelnut butter, honeysuckle, cedar in aroma and cup. Vibrantly sweet, resonant acidity; satiny, full mouthfeel. Chocolate and richly wood-framed finish.
Bittersweet, cleanly fruit-toned. Dark chocolate, raspberry, pink grapefruit zest, almond butter, lilac in aroma and cup. Deeply sweet structure with brisk acidity; syrupy-smooth mouthfeel. The finish centers around notes of dark chocolate and raspberry.
Delicately sweet-tart. Apricot, cocoa nib, hazelnut, Meyer lemon zest, hyacinth in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart structure with vibrant, citrusy acidity; smooth, satiny mouthfeel. Cocoa-toned finish supported by notes of stone fruit and sweet citrus zest.
Evaluated as espresso. Delicately sweet, richly tart. Mango, cocoa nib, marzipan, narcissus, a hint of dill in aroma and small cup. Very syrupy mouthfeel; cocoa-driven finish with undertones of mango. Fruit-forward and high-toned in three parts milk.
Bright, juicy, fruit-toned. Lychee, plum blossom, Meyer lemon zest, sandalwood, nougat in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart structure with vibrant acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel. The finish consolidates to attractive notes of lychee and nougat with sandalwood undertones.
Rich-toned, chocolaty. Baking chocolate, almond nougat, date, fresh-cut fir, a hint of gardenia in aroma and cup. Sweet in structure with gentle, round acidity; full, velvety-smooth mouthfeel. The gently drying finish is chocolaty and richly sweet.
Rich-toned, juicy, complex. Dried persimmon, wild honey, myrrh, almond butter, star jasmine in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with high-toned, vibrant acidity; very full, syrupy-smooth mouthfeel. Long, lingering, rich finish that honors all of the cup’s aromatics.
Evaluated as espresso. Chocolaty, fruit-toned, savory-sweet. Chocolate fudge, pomegranate, saltwater taffy, frankincense, hop flowers in aroma and small cup. Creamy mouthfeel; complex, resonant finish. The milk shot is equal parts chocolaty, floral, and fruity.
Richly and cleanly fruit-forward. Dried apricot, freesia-like flowers, nougat, cocoa nib, cedar in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned with juicy, bright acidity; rich, satiny mouthfeel. Flavor consolidates to pretty notes of dried apricot and nougat with undertones of cedar.
Crisply sweet, deeply rich. Baking chocolate, hazelnut nougat, narcissus, red grape, fresh-cut oak in aroma and cup. Sweet, balanced structure with brisk acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel. The finish centers around notes of baking chocolate and hazelnut supported by red grape and fresh-cut oak.
Delicately bright, balanced, crisply sweet. Bing cherry, cocoa nib, lemon yogurt, lavender, fresh-cut oak in aroma and cup. Sweetly tangy with gently lactic, savory-edged acidity; silky, buoyant mouthfeel. A fruit-driven finish is supported by cocoa nib with a continued gentle lactic tang.
Juicy, bright, confidently fruit- and floral-toned. Candy cap mushroom, dark chocolate, kefir, plumeria, mesquite in aroma and cup. Tangy-sweet structure with lactic-toned acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel. Long, resonant, flavor-saturated finish.
Pungently sweet-savory, deep, expressive. Dark chocolate, dried mango, fine musk, rum barrel, honeysuckle in aroma and cup. Richly sweet-savory structure with roundly tart acidity; full, creamy mouthfeel. Particularly musky, fruit-toned finish with dark chocolate undertones.
Lactic, chocolaty, sweetly tart. Young goat cheese, dark chocolate, roasted pine nut, persimmon, fresh-cut cedar in aroma and cup. Tart-sweet structure with deeply tangy, lactic acidity; very full, syrupy-smooth mouthfeel. Finish consolidates to an attractive chocolate-toned kefir.
Earth-toned, richly sweet-savory. Moist cedar, breadfruit, magnolia, cocoa powder, musk. Savory-leaning with sweetly brisk acidity; light-footed, smooth mouthfeel. A hazelnut-like note emerges in the finish, alongside cocoa powder and moist cedar.
 Crisply chocolaty, delicately sweet. Baking chocolate, vanilla bean, pink peppercorn, lavender, cedar in aroma and cup. Crisply sweet, balanced structure with bright but lush acidity; delicately silky mouthfeel. Wood-framed finish with undertones of vanilla and lavender.
Rich, deep, resoundingly lactic and pungent. Distinct dark chocolate, blue cheese, lily-like flowers, vanilla, pipe tobacco. Savory sweet structure; tangy acidity. Plush, velvety mouthfeel. The chocolate and blue cheese notes sustain in a surprisingly balanced, harmonic finish. 
Roasty-sweet, floral-toned. Golden raisin, gently scorched cedar, dark chocolate, freesia-like flowers, molasses in aroma and cup. Crisply sweet structure with brisk acidity; satiny mouthfeel. Very sweet, long finish with pleasing notes of dark chocolate, freesia, and a complicating hint of smokiness.
Crisply sweet, subtly multi-layered. Date, baking chocolate, lemon verbena, narcissus, fresh-cut fir in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with gently brisk acidity; satiny mouthfeel. Floral, sweetly herbaceous finish.
Intensely fruit-forward, high-toned. Passion fruit, cocoa nib, mango custard, oak, a hint of thyme in aroma and cup. Crisply tart-leaning structure with citrusy acidity; lightly velvety mouthfeel. Quietly fruit-driven finish.
Evaluated as espresso. Sweetly tart, fruit-toned. Tangerine zest, tamarind, cocoa powder, molasses, sandalwood in aroma and small cup. Plush, syrupy mouthfeel; chocolaty, tangy-fruit finish. The milk shot is bright, balanced, and juicy, leading with notes of cocoa powder and tamarind, rounding to molasses in the long.
Evaluated as espresso. Rich-toned, gently fruit-forward. Pomegranate, baking chocolate, narcissus, cedar, almond butter in aroma and small cup. Crisp, velvety mouthfeel; chocolaty, subtly fruit-toned finish. In three parts milk, tart fruit notes soften and baking chocolate and narcissus come forward.
Sweetly spice-toned, floral. Wisteria, dark chocolate, black currant, marjoram, pink grapefruit zest in aroma and cup. Sweetly rich, tart structure with vibrant acidity; full, satiny-smooth mouthfeel. Notes of star wisteria and black currant carry the sweet, deep-toned finish.
Richly sweet-savory. Grape candy, cocoa nib, lemon verbena, gardenia, a hint of yogurt in aroma and cup. Sweet-savory structure with brisk acidity; full, creamy mouthfeel. Quiet, fruity finish with undertones of sweet herbs.
Lyrically sweet, gently herb-toned, very complex. Bergamot, star jasmine, cocoa nib, sandalwood, marjoram in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with high-toned, juicy acidity; silky, vibrant mouthfeel. Sweetly herbaceous finish with notes of marjoram supported by cocoa nib.
Deep-toned, richly sweet-savory. Tamarind, hop flowers, brown sugar, cedar, lemon verbena in aroma and cup. Balanced, bittersweet structure with bright, lively acidity; syrupy-smooth mouthfeel. The finish consolidates to notes of brown sugar, tamarind and cedar.
Evaluated as espresso. Fruit-forward, floral-toned. Narcissus, dried apricot, dark chocolate, hazelnut butter, cedar in aroma and small cup. Creamy, viscous mouthfeel; crisply chocolaty and fruit-centered finish. In three parts milk, floral notes take center stage supported by dark chocolate.
Juicy, bright, intricately balanced. Apricot, cocoa nib, jasmine, maple syrup, almond butter in aroma and cup. Crisply sweet-tart with bright, citrusy acidity; delicate, silky-smooth mouthfeel. Cocoa- and fruit-toned finish with hints of jasmine.
Delicately sweet, crisply floral. Narcissus, pear, macadamia nut, cocoa nib, cedar in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned structure with pert acidity; velvety-smooth mouthfeel. A nougat note surfaces in the floral-toned finish.
Crisply sweet-tart, deeply aromatic. Cocoa powder, date, hazelnut, hop flowers, molasses in aroma and cup. Richly bittersweet structure with brisk acidity; viscous, creamy mouthfeel. The finish consolidates to cocoa-toned hazelnut and molasses.
Deep-toned, chocolaty. Baking chocolate, date, almond butter, fresh-cut oak, agave syrup in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned structure with gentle, round acidity; full, satiny mouthfeel. Crisp, chocolaty finish with undertones of almond and date.
Crisply sweet, chocolaty. Baking chocolate, lily, gently scorched oak, molasses, raisin in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned structure with gentle, round acidity; very full, syrupy mouthfeel. The finish centers around crisp chocolate and lily notes with undertones of gently smoky oak.
Deep-toned, floral and chocolaty. Dark chocolate, honeysuckle, tamarind, mulberry, fresh-cut oak in aroma and cup. Sweet-savory structure with gentle, rounded but vibrant acidity; very syrupy, viscous mouthfeel. Long, lingering, balanced, flavor-saturated finish.
Richly fruit-toned, sweetly fermenty. Raspberry coulis, chocolate fudge, wine barrel, narcissus, tangerine zest in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart with vibrant, juicy acidity; very full, syrupy mouthfeel. The fragrant finish suggests a barrel room full of red wine in process.
Tropical fruit-driven, resonantly aromatic. Lychee, guava, cocoa nib, freesia-like flowers, cedar in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with high-toned acidity; plush, satiny-smooth mouthfeel. The finish centers around notes of lychee and freesia with cocoa undertones.
High-toned, juicy-bright. Pineapple, cocoa nib, lemon verbena, myrrh, narcissus in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with bold, balanced acidity; syrupy-smooth mouthfeel. Fruit- and cocoa-toned finish supported by narcissus-like floral notes.
Crisply sweet, rich-toned. Baking chocolate, almond butter, honeysuckle, red grape, maple syrup in aroma and cup. Deeply sweet structure with gentle, round acidity; full, syrupy-smooth mouthfeel. Baking chocolate and red grape complicate the quiet, nut-toned finish.
Crisply sweet, cocoa toned. Cocoa powder, date, oak, magnolia, hint of cinnamon in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned structure with pert acidity; velvety mouthfeel. The finish consolidates to notes of magnolia and oak.
Crisply sweet, complex, cocoa- and floral-toned. Cocoa nib, star jasmine, plum, tangerine zest, agave syrup in aroma and cup. Vibrantly sweet structure with juicy-bright acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel. Chocolaty finish with undertones of plum and tangerine zest.
Evaluated as espresso. Roast-rounded, chocolaty. Dark chocolate, gardenia, gently scorched cedar, molasses, prune in aroma and small cup. Viscous, creamy mouthfeel; chocolaty, slightly smoky finish. In three parts milk, floral and chocolate notes preside. 
Vibrant, gently fruit-toned. Dried apricot, lemon drop, freesia-like flowers, oak, honey in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart structure with brisk acidity; full, satiny-smooth mouthfeel. The resonant finish consolidates to notes of lemon balm and honey, supported by fresh-cut oak.
Richly sweet-tart, fruit-driven. Dried apricot, almond nougat, clove, freesia-like flowers, lemon verbena in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned structure with complex tart and savory undertones and juicy, bright acidity; nectar-like mouthfeel. The crisp, fruit-forward finish centers around notes of dried apricot and almond nougat.
Sweet, richly nut-toned. Cashew butter, cocoa nib, pear, thyme, cedar in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned structure with gentle, round acidity; crisp, satiny mouthfeel. Quiet, inviting finish centered around notes of cashew and pear with undertones of cedar.
Delicately berry-toned with savory impulses. Dried strawberry, honey, star jasmine, fresh-cut cedar, macadamia nut in aroma and cup. Sweet-savory structure with vibrant, lively acidity; very full, syrupy-smooth mouthfeel. Resonant, rich finish redolent of strawberry and star jasmine.
Evaluated as espresso. Chocolaty and floral-toned. Cocoa powder, gardenia, raisin, fresh-cut fir, molasses in aroma and small cup. Velvety mouthfeel; crisp, chocolaty finish with undertones of molasses and fresh-cut fir. In three parts milk, a sweet earthiness surfaces that, combined with persistent cocoa tones, pleasingly complicates the cup.
Brightly sweet-tart, fruit-toned. Mango, sandalwood, toffee, cocoa nib, spicy freesia-like flowers in aroma and cup. Tart-leaning structure with crisp, high-toned acidity; syrupy-smooth mouthfeel. Fruit-and floral-toned finish with sandalwood undertones.
High-toned, resinously nutty, intensely sweet. Wild honey, plum, magnolia, mesquite, pistachio in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with savory-leaning acidity; viscous, nectar-like mouthfeel. Gentle, sweetly rich finish with notes of wild honey, pistachio and mesquite into the long.
Richly floral, cocoa-toned. Narcissus, cocoa nib, tangerine, fresh-cut oak, date in aroma and cup. Crisply sweet-savory with gentle but vibrant acidity; supple, syrupy mouthfeel. Finish consolidates to cocoa nib and tangerine with hints of narcissus.
High-toned, richly sweet, layered and complex. Mulberry, cocoa nib, myrrh, star jasmine, almond brittle in aroma and cup. Juicy-bright structure with citrusy acidity; very full, syrupy-smooth mouthfeel. Resonant, floral, cocoa-toned finish. 
Juicy-sweet, fruit-forward. Blueberry pie, pink grapefruit zest, lilac, sandalwood, cocoa nib in aroma and cup. Richly sweet with bright, floral acidity; lush, satiny mouthfeel. The resonant finish centers around blueberry and sandalwood notes with pink grapefruit undertones.
Sweetly pungent, floral and crisply fruit-toned. Black currant, pink grapefruit zest, honeysuckle, baking chocolate, oak in aroma and cup. Sweetly savory in structure with light-footed acidity; very creamy, ebullient mouthfeel. The sweet finish leads with notes of pink grapefruit zest and baking chocolate with hints of honeysuckle.
Chocolaty, richly wood-framed. Strawberry, dark chocolate, fresh-cut cedar, lily, molasses in aroma and cup. Sweetly savory with round, vibrant acidity; plush, buoyant mouthfeel. The richly bittersweet finish leads with dark chocolate notes in the short, settling into molasses and fresh-cut cedar in the long.
Deeply sweet, round, balanced. Apricot, baking chocolate, freesia-like flowers, cedar, maple syrup in aroma and cup. Crisply sweet structure with quietly lively acidity; buoyant, silky mouthfeel. Suggestions of baking chocolate and maple syrup support the cedar-toned finish.
Balanced, elegant, gently stated. Cocoa nib, pomegranate, fresh-tanned leather, wisteria, cashew in aroma and cup. Savory-leaning structure with tart underpinnings and brisk acidity; crisp, satiny mouthfeel. The finish consolidates to pomegranate and leather suggestions.
Resonant, rich, multi-layered. Dark chocolate, hazelnut butter, tea rose, caramel, kumquat in aroma and cup. Balanced, bittersweet structure with round acidity; very full, creamy mouthfeel. Layered, flavor-saturated finish.
Sweetly roast-toned, chocolaty. Dark chocolate, lily, vanilla, dried fig, scorched cedar in aroma and cup. Bittersweet-savory structure; crisp yet velvety mouthfeel. Dark chocolate notes lead in the finish, rounding to dried fruit and vanilla notes in the long. 
Deep, complex, aromatically enticing. Red currant, almond brittle, hop flowers, pink grapefruit zest, molasses in aroma and cup. Richly bittersweet, balanced structure with elegant, bright acidity; very syrupy, viscous mouthfeel. Resonant, long, flavor-laden finish with appealing complexity.
Lyrically sweet, intriguing tart, complexly savory. Mulberry, sage, bergamot, frankincense, apple blossom in aroma and cup. High-toned structure with delicately bright, multi-layered acidity; very viscous, plush mouthfeel. Resonant, flavor-laden finish, long and confident.
Sweetly herbaceous, richly spice-toned. Pomelo, dark chocolate, black sage, candied tangerine, lilac in aroma and cup. Complex, sweet-savory structure with crisp, vibrant acidity; plush, very syrupy-smooth mouthfeel. Long, lingering, flavor-saturated finish.
Richly berry and citrus-toned; bright and lively. Blackberry jam, tangerine zest, almond nougat, freesia-like flowers, wild honey in aroma and cup. Fruit-forward structure with crisp, juicy acidity; full, syrupy-smooth mouthfeel. The vibrant finish carries forward all of the aroma and flavor notes of the cup, blackberry and wild honey, in particular.
Deep, rich, berry-driven. Raspberry coulis, wild honey, star jasmine, marzipan, sandalwood in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart structure with bright, crisp acidity; satiny, viscous mouthfeel. The long, resonant finish is redolent of raspberry and star jasmine with sandalwood undertones.
Richly berry-toned, sweetly herbaceous. Raspberry coulis, lemon verbena, wild honey, cedar, a hint of marjoram in aroma and cup. Sweet structure with vibrant acidity; syrupy-smooth mouthfeel. The fruit-forward finish is supported by sweet herb notes and rich aromatic wood suggesting cedar.
Juicy, vibrant, tartly floral. Dried hibiscus, Meyer lemon zest, guava, cocoa nib, sandalwood in aroma and cup. Balanced, brightly sweet-tart structure with high-toned acidity; silky, viscous mouthfeel. Resonant, rich, flavor-laden finish.
Delicately, richly perfumy. Guava, cocoa nib, frankincense, wild honey, lilac in aroma and cup. Sweet in structure with bright, vibrant acidity; silky, levitating mouthfeel. The deeply sweet finish centers around guava, cocoa nib and frankincense.
Juicy-sweet, fruit-driven. Lychee, tea rose, sandalwood, cashew, chocolate fudge in aroma and cup. Richly bittersweet structure with juicy, bright acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel. The resonant, long, flavor-laden finish centers around notes of lychee and chocolate.
Fruit-forward, high-toned. Pink grapefruit zest, rhododendron, baking chocolate, agave syrup, freesia in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned structure with brisk acidity; very full, syrupy mouthfeel. Crisply sweet, floral-toned finish with citrus undertones.
Deeply sweet, fruit-toned. Watermelon candy, dark chocolate, a whiff of Bourbon barrel, fresh-cut fir, gardenia in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with gentle acidity; full, satiny mouthfeel. Crisp, dry, chocolaty short finish with notes of sweet watermelon and whiskyish ferment in the long.
Balanced, bright, deep-toned. Dark chocolate, red plum, almond butter, freesia-like flowers, oak in aroma and cup. Sweetly bright in structure with juicy acidity; crisp, satiny mouthfeel. The chocolaty and nut-toned finish is complicated by hints of freesia.
Floral and richly fruit-forward. Tea rose, anise, ripe cantaloupe, roasted pecan, marshmallow in aroma and cup. Roundly sweet-savory structure with winy, bright acidity; satiny mouthfeel. The rich finish leads with notes of tea rose and cantaloupe, supported by anise and marshmallow.
Balanced, accessible, cocoa-toned. Cocoa nib, plum, nougat, lemon verbena, magnolia in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned with pert acidity; velvety mouthfeel. The finish consolidates to cocoa-toned nougat with lemon verbena undertones.
Richly aromatic, complex, multi-layered. Lychee, lavender, cocoa nib, hazelnut butter, lemon-thyme in aroma and cup. Sweet-savory with lively, juicy acidity; plush, very syrupy mouthfeel. Long, resonant, flavor-saturated finish.
Delicately sweet, richly perfumy. Bergamot, marzipan, lilac, apricot, cocoa nib in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart in structure with very lively, juicy acidity; lightly viscous, silky mouthfeel. The finish centers around notes of bergamot and lily, rounding to cocoa nib in the long.
Bright, juicy, high-toned. Bing cherry, chocolate fudge, toffee, hop flowers, cedar in aroma and cup. Sweetly savory with vibrant, citrusy acidity; very smooth, satiny mouthfeel. The tart-leaning finish is rounded by sweet chocolate notes.
Richly sweet-tart, deeply nuanced. Lychee, pink grapefruit zest, sassafras, cocoa nib, star jasmine in aroma and cup. Deep-toned, balanced structure with lush, juicy acidity; viscous, syrupy mouthfeel. Complexly layered finish redolent of lychee and star jasmine, with cocoa nib undertones. 
Evaluated as espresso. Complex, multi-layered, rich-toned. Red plum, dark chocolate, cashew butter, cocoa nib, a hint of rosemary in aroma and small cup. Very syrupy mouthfeel; resonant, flavor-laden finish. In three parts milk, red plum and cashew butter take center stage, supported by gentle cocoa nib and a whisper of a savory, rosemary-like herb.
Evaluated as espresso. Spice-toned, richly sweet-savory. Baking spices, mulberry, dark caramel, marjoram, narcissus in aroma and small cup. Nectar-like mouthfeel; crisp, sweet finish. In cappuccino-scaled milk, mulberry and clove notes lead, with undertones of dark caramel and narcissus.
Sweet, bright, elegant. Dark chocolate, hazelnut butter, freesia, nougat, cedar in aroma and cup. Richly sweet structure with crisp, high-toned acidity; very full, satiny mouthfeel. Finish consolidates to cocoa-toned nut and freesia supported by fresh-cut cedar.
Evaluated as espresso. Deep-toned, richly chocolaty. Dark chocolate, pecan praline, lily, golden raisin, cedar in aroma and small cup. Satiny-smooth mouthfeel; chocolaty and floral-toned finish. The milk shot is all chocolate, front and center, supported by suggestions of lily and golden raisin.
Richly nut-toned, sweetly savory. Almond brittle, magnolia, date, fresh-cut oak, lemon-thyme in aroma and cup. Sweet-savory structure with gentle but lively acidity; creamy-smooth mouthfeel. The deeply sweet, nutty finish suggests almond brittle with magnolia and oak undertones.
Delicately perfumed, sweetly fermenty. Green grape, rum barrel, rhododendron, cocoa nib, oak in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with juicy acidity; syrupy-smooth mouthfeel. Sweet ferment suggesting rum barrel animates the crisply cocoa-toned finish. 
Complex, richly sweet-savory, deeply floral. Star jasmine, salted caramel, cocoa nib, wild strawberry, mustard seed in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart-savory structure with high-toned acidity; very full, syrupy mouthfeel. Cocoa-driven finish with undertones of caramel and mustard seed.
Elegantly spice-toned, floral. Bergamot, lilac, pink peppercorn, caramel, plum in aroma and cup. Delicately sweet-savory structure with lively, juicy acidity; very syrupy-smooth mouthfeel. Finish consolidates to notes of caramel and plum.
Citrusy-bright, juicy-sweet, spice-toned. Pink grapefruit zest, green peppercorn, honeysuckle, agave syrup, frankincense in aroma and cup. Delicately sweet-tart structure with high-toned, vibrant acidity; silky, buoyant mouthfeel. The resonant finish leads with notes of pink grapefruit zest and honeysuckle with green peppercorn and frankincense in the long.
Evaluated as espresso. Sweetly roast-toned, richly chocolaty and deep. Dark chocolate, black cherry, almond extract, marjoram, cedar in aroma and small cup. Creamy, viscous mouthfeel; chocolaty and fruit-driven finish. Chocolate explodes in three parts milk, supported by notes of black cherry and cedar with a hint of sweet marjoram. 
Subtly complex, fruit-toned. Raspberry coulis, freesia, almond nougat, cedar, lemon verbena in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with vibrant acidity; crisp, silky mouthfeel. Berry and cedar-toned finish.
Evaluated as espresso. Bold, roasty-sweet, floral-toned. Magnolia, hazelnut butter, dark chocolate, date, fresh-cut oak in aroma and small cup. Syrupy-smooth mouthfeel; crisp, floral-toned, chocolaty finish.
Crisply spice-toned. Molasses, dried cherry, clove, cashew, grapefruit zest in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned structure with brisk acidity; lightly syrupy mouthfeel. The finish consolidates to notes of molasses, clove and cashew.
Gently fruit-toned, cocoa-driven. Cocoa powder, black cherry, magnolia, fresh-cut fir, orange zest in aroma and cup. Sweet structure with brisk acidity; velvety-smooth mouthfeel. Cocoa- and fruit-toned, wood-framed finish.
Balanced, bright, sweet-toned. Apricot, cocoa nib, lavender, maple syrup, cedar in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart with vibrant, malic (apple-like) acidity; delicately satiny mouthfeel. Finish consolidates to notes of cocoa nib and lavender with undertones of maple syrup.
Evaluated as espresso. Bold, sweetly roast-toned, chocolaty. Dark chocolate, rhododendron, raisin, scorched oak, molasses in aroma and small cup. Velvety mouthfeel; gently drying, roasty-sweet finish with dark chocolate and scorched oak undertones. The milk shot is both floral and chocolaty, supported by notes of raisin and molasses.
A ready-to-drink black coffee, tested cold. Dried guava, dark chocolate, frangipane, vanilla, cedar. Sweet-tart structure with crisp, juicy acidity; refreshingly silky mouthfeel. Guava and dark chocolate lead in the finish, with undertones of cedar and vanilla. Like sweet guava ice cream with a cedar edge in milk.
Complex, bright, cleanly fruit-forward. Meyer lemon zest, ripe plum, cocoa nib, violet, black sage in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart with crisp, juicy acidity; silky, supple mouthfeel. Deeply layered finish centered on stone fruit and cocoa.
Crisply sweet-tart, bright and juicy. Tamarind, pink grapefruit zest, cocoa nib, freesia, redwood in aroma and cup. Bright, juicy, electric acidity; deep, syrupy-smooth mouthfeel. Sweet, long finish with notes of cocoa nib and pink grapefruit zest.
Deeply rich, chocolaty and fruit-toned. Raspberry tart, chocolate fudge, grappa barrel, gardenia, molasses in aroma and cup. Vibrantly sweet-tart structure with juicy, fruit-forward acidity; creamy-smooth mouthfeel. The finish consolidates to suggestions of dried raspberry, chocolate fudge and grappa barrel.
Richly sweet-tart, fruit-forward. Dried strawberry, dark chocolate, cashew butter, thyme, pink grapefruit zest in aroma and cup. Brightly sweet with juicy acidity; satiny-smooth mouthfeel. Resonant, flavor-laden finish.
Evaluated as espresso produced as a “ristretto” 25ml (.85-ounce) shot using a Nespresso capsule espresso brewer with whole milk heated using a conventional steam wand. Rich-toned, floral- and fruit-driven. Jasmine, apricot, almond, baking chocolate, cedar in aroma and small cup. Delicately viscous mouthfeel; crisp finish centered around chocolate and almond notes. The milk shot is boldly pleasing, chocolate-laden and richly floral.
High-toned, richly sweet-tart. Tea rose, peach, almond butter, oak, maple syrup in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart structure with bright, lively acidity; smooth, syrupy mouthfeel. The finish consolidates to notes of almond and maple syrup with tea rose gently resurfacing in the long.
Evaluated as espresso. Delicately fruit-toned, floral and lively. Lilac, dried Bing cherry, sandalwood, macadamia nut, wild honey in aroma and small cup. Full, syrupy mouthfeel; delicate, long finish. Lilac and Bing cherry notes deepen in three parts milk, balanced by creamy macadamia nut and wild honey; hints of sandalwood hover in the background.
Sweetly tart, gently fruit-toned. Apricot, orange blossom, cocoa nib, nougat, cashew in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with juicy, balanced acidity; delicate, silky mouthfeel. The finish consolidates to notes of cocoa nib and cashew.
Sweetly tart, decidedly tropical. Ginger blossom, passionfruit, kukui nut, lemon verbena, sugarcane in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with juicy, high-toned acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel. The finish is resonant, long, and flavor-saturated.
Crisply sweet, fruit-forward. Dried mango, agave syrup, lime zest, pink peppercorn, cedar in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart structure with brisk acidity; syrupy-smooth mouthfeel. Richly drying finish leads with notes of dried mango and agave syrup in the short, with hints of pink peppercorn and cedar in the long. 
Very sweet, richly savory. Honey, tiger lily, fresh pipe tobacco, ginseng, date in aroma and cup. Richly sweet structure with juicy-tart acidity; Syrupy-smooth mouthfeel. Finish leads with notes of pipe tobacco and flowers.
Deeply rich, chocolaty and fruit-toned. Raspberry tart, chocolate fudge, grappa barrel, gardenia, molasses in aroma and cup. Vibrantly sweet-tart structure with juicy, fruit-forward acidity; creamy-smooth mouthfeel. The finish consolidates to suggestions of dried raspberry, chocolate fudge and grappa barrel.
Sweetly spice-toned. Red currant, tea rose, pink peppercorn, cocoa powder, cedar in aroma and cup. Sweet structure with bright, juicy acidity; crisp, velvety mouthfeel. The quiet finish consolidates to notes of red currant and pink peppercorn.
Crisply sweet, delicately tart. Apricot, cocoa nib, lavender, lemon verbena, cedar in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with juicy, vibrant acidity; lively, silky mouthfeel. Finish consolidates to notes of cocoa nib and lemon verbena.
Sweet, richly nut-toned. Hazelnut, baking chocolate, pear, fresh-cut fir, brown sugar in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned structure with brisk acidity; crispy, satiny mouthfeel. The finish consolidates to hazelnut and baking chocolate with undertones of fresh-cut fir.
Rich-toned, deeply sweet-savory. Nutella, nectarine, magnolia, cedar, maple syrup in aroma and cup. Sweet-savory structure with brisk acidity; satiny-smooth mouthfeel. The flavor-saturated finish centers around notes of Nutella and nectarine with cedar undertones. 
Richly sweet, deeply spice-toned. Toffee, plum blossom, tangerine zest, almond butter, sandalwood in aroma and cup. Juicy-sweet structure with high-toned, balanced acidity; syrupy-smooth mouthfeel. The finish centers around notes of almond, tangerine zest and sandalwood.
Cleanly fruit-toned, delicately sweet-tart. Raspberry, bergamot, cocoa nib, honey, lemon verbena in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart structure with delicate, buoyant mouthfeel; crisp, fruit-forward finish.
Resonantly bright and juicy, deeply balanced. Strawberry guava, cocoa nib, Meyer lemon zest, sassafras, wisteria in aroma and cup. Elegantly sweet structure with crisp, vibrant acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel. The coherent, flavor-laden finish resonates with all the notes from the cup.
Bright, richly chocolaty. Dark chocolate, pink grapefruit zest, plum, almond, lemon-thyme in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with brisk acidity; full, velvety mouthfeel. Chocolaty, nut-toned finish with undertones of fresh-cut cedar.
Evaluated as espresso. Watermelon, Nutella, freesia-like flowers, cedar, brown sugar in aroma and small cup. Lightly satiny mouthfeel; floral-toned finish with chocolate and hazelnut undertones. Rich and deep in cappuccino-scaled milk with notes of Nutella and freesia carrying into a long finish.
Evaluated as espresso. Richly sweet, caramel-toned. Dark caramel, orange zest, pecan, raisin, oak in aroma and small cup. Velvety mouthfeel; sweet, wood-framed finish with undertones of pecan and raisin. In three parts milk, richly caramel- and nut-toned, nuanced with sweet floral suggestions.
Soft, round, quietly vibrant. Cashew, red plum, tea rose, baking chocolate, cedar in aroma and cup. Sweet structure with crisply bright acidity; lightly syrupy mouthfeel. The finish consolidates to notes of baking chocolate and cedar.
Delicate, sweet, quietly nuanced. Clover, oak, cocoa powder, macadamia nut, agave syrup in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned with a quietly present, backgrounded acidity; velvety-smooth mouthfeel. Sweet, subtly complex finish.
Evaluated as espresso. Gently fruit-toned, crisply chocolaty. Brazil nut, dried apricot, cocoa powder, marshmallow, orange zest in aroma and small cup. Lightly creamy mouthfeel; richly sweet, nut-driven finish. In three parts milk, cocoa powder and Brazil nut sweetly mingle.
Evaluated as espresso. Integrated, cocoa-and floral-toned. Cocoa powder, star jasmine, toffee, dried plum, clove in aroma and small cup. Juicy, lightly satiny mouthfeel; cocoa-driven finish with undertones of sweet clove. In three parts milk, spice-dominant (think clove and fresh-cut thyme) with understated but ever-present cocoa.
Evaluated as espresso. Richly bittersweet, gently herb-toned. Dried persimmon, macadamia nut, lime zest, scorched maple, rosemary blossom in aroma and small cup. Crisp, satiny mouthfeel; sweetly nutty, herb-toned finish. In three parts milk, both richly sweet (creamy macadamia nut and dried persimmon) and subtly earth-toned (rosemary blossom, scorched maple).
Evaluated as espresso. Richly sweet-savory, unapologetically earth-toned. Pipe tobacco, dried cherry, hazelnut, caramel, a hint of cumin in aroma and small cup. Plush, velvety mouthfeel; the finish consolidates to hazelnut and a cumin-like spice. Milk quiets the tobacco tones and elevates the dried cherry and sweet hazelnut.
Evaluated as espresso. Richly bittersweet, gently chocolaty. Dried apricot, cocoa powder, fresh-cut cedar, almond, magnolia in aroma and small cup. Plump, creamy mouthfeel; cocoa- and cedar-toned finish. Three parts milk amplifies cocoa, apricot and magnolia notes, while almond and cedar provide pleasing structural undertones.
Evaluated as espresso. Deeply sweet, caramelly. Golden raisin, dark caramel, hazelnut, rhododendron, oak in aroma and cup. Satiny-smooth mouthfeel; the crisp, caramelly finish is complicated by notes of fresh-cut oak. Balanced and complete in three parts milk with deep caramel and sweet hazelnut notes.
Evaluated as espresso. Dark chocolate, Concord grape, scorched sugarcane, sandalwood, wisteria in aroma and small cup. Viscous, syrupy mouthfeel; richly chocolaty, sweetly smoky finish with floral depth. In three parts milk, decadent perfection: layers of undulating chocolate, wisteria and scorched sugarcane carry far into the long finish.
Evaluated as espresso. Complex, multilayered, cerebral. Dark chocolate, petrichor, ripe pluot, tiger lily, pink peppercorn in aroma and small cup. Lush, syrupy mouthfeel; crisp, rich-toned finish. Layers of aroma and flavor in three parts milk, from sweet pluot and dark chocolate to spice-toned tiger lily and pink peppercorn in the finish.
Evaluated as espresso. Richly chocolaty, nut-toned. Chocolate fudge, pistachio, gardenia, scorched mesquite, molasses in aroma and small cup. Full, creamy mouthfeel; chocolaty, pleasingly smoky-sweet finish. In three parts milk, think Snicker’s bar with extra caffeine.
Evaluated as espresso. Chocolaty and richly bittersweet. Green apple, baking chocolate, black walnut, scorched allspice, fresh-cut fir in aroma and small cup. Delicate, smooth mouthfeel; punchy, chocolate- and walnut-toned finish. Three parts milk elevates both chocolate and spice and adds lily-like flowers to the profile.
Rich-toned, deeply sweet-savory. Black cherry, almond nougat, hop flowers, cedar, marjoram in aroma and cup. Richly bittersweet structure with gentle, round acidity; very full, syrupy mouthfeel. The finish leads with bittersweet floral notes that suggest hop flowers, with undertones of stone fruit and almond nougat.
Lyrically balanced, richly spice-toned. Bergamot, wisteria, cocoa nib, sugarcane, guava in aroma and cup. Intoxicatingly sweet structure with delicately bright acidity; buoyant, silky mouthfeel. Resonant, flavor-saturated, very long finish.
Richly sweet, floral-toned. Honeysuckle, raisin, pistachio, caramel, fresh-cut cedar in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned structure with gentle, round acidity; velvety-smooth mouthfeel. Floral and nut-toned finish.
Evaluated as espresso. Richly aromatic, chocolaty, earth-toned. Dark chocolate, shiitake mushroom, pomegranate syrup, cedar, marjoram in aroma and small cup. Velvety-smooth mouthfeel; crisp, chocolaty-tart finish. In three parts milk, tart fruit and sweet chocolate harmonize, supported by savory undertones of mushroom and sweet herbs.
Fruit-forward, deeply sweet. Blueberry, dark chocolate, magnolia, cedar, almond in aroma and cup. Sweet structure with gentle acidity; crisp, velvety mouthfeel. Chocolaty finish with blueberry and almond undertones.
Delicate, richly sweet, floral-toned. Star jasmine, raspberry, cocoa nib, maple syrup, sandalwood in aroma and cup. Bright, sweet-tart structure with juicy acidity; plush, satiny mouthfeel. The long finish centers around deep floral and bright berry tones, grounded by cocoa nib.
Very fruit-centric, spicily floral. Watermelon candy, star jasmine, agave syrup, pistachio butter, pink peppercorn in aroma and cup. Brightly sweet-tart with energetic acidity; very full, viscous mouthfeel. Resonant, fruit-focused finish with pistachio undertones.
Richly sweet, deep-toned, bright and juicy. Pomegranate, dark chocolate, marshmallow, hazelnut butter, key lime in aroma and cup. Sweet structure with high-toned, balanced acidity; full, syrupy-smooth mouthfeel. The cleanly fruit-toned finish is supported by notes of hazelnut and key lime.
High-toned, spice-driven, deeply sweet. Almond nougat, freesia-like flowers, dried apricot, cedar, thyme in aroma and cup. Balanced, sweet-savory structure with gentle acidity; plush, satiny-smooth mouthfeel. The finish leads with notes of almond nougat and undertones of rich aromatic wood.
Evaluated as espresso. Crisply sweet-tart, fruit-toned. Dried raspberry, baking chocolate, Brazil nut, fir, molasses in aroma and small cup. Velvety-smooth mouthfeel; crisp, chocolaty finish. In three parts milk, chocolate and dried fruit notes come forward; nut and aromatic wood suggestions recede.
Deep-toned, chocolaty. Baking chocolate, date, hazelnut, fresh-cut cedar, brown sugar in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned structure with gentle, round acidity; full, satiny mouthfeel. Crisp, chocolaty finish with undertones of hazelnut and date.
Complex, sweetly and intricately herbaceous, citrusy. Lemon verbena, cardamom, cocoa nib, ginger, aromatic orchid in aroma and cup. Sweetly savory with delicately juicy acidity; crisp, silky mouthfeel. Long, resonant, flavor-saturated finish.
Sweetly savory, deep-toned. Pipe tobacco, sandalwood, rhododendron, tangerine zest, date in aroma and cup. Savory-leaning structure with richly bittersweet acidity; very full, viscous mouthfeel. The crisp, sweet finish centers around notes of earthy pipe tobacco and date.
High-toned, floral-driven, lyrically sweet. Wisteria, Keemun tea, white nectarine, fresh-cut basil, pink peppercorn in aroma and cup. Impeccably crystalline, balanced structure with buoyant acidity; delicately satiny mouthfeel. Very long, integrated, satisfying finish, with fruit and floral notes singing into the long.
Evaluated as espresso. Crisply sweet, balanced, deep-toned. Pomegranate, dark chocolate, molasses, sandalwood, lilac in aroma and small cup. Viscous, full mouthfeel; tart, chocolaty finish. In cappuccino-scaled milk, chocolaty and richly floral-toned.
Deeply sweet, richly savory. Black cherry, freesia-like flowers, almond, dark chocolate, fresh-cut cedar in aroma and cup. Sweet-savory structure with gentle, round acidity; plush, creamy mouthfeel. The resonant finish consolidates around notes of black cherry and dark chocolate with cedar undertones. 
Delicate, richly aromatic, complex. Tangerine zest, cocoa nib, guava, marjoram, jasmine in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with zesty-bright acidity; silky, vibrant mouthfeel. The finish leads with notes of guava and tangerine zest, rounding to cocoa and marjoram in the long.
Evaluated as espresso. Rich-toned, deeply chocolaty. Dark chocolate, raspberry, molasses, hazelnut, fresh-cut oak in aroma and small cup. Very syrupy mouthfeel; chocolaty, nut-toned finish. In three parts milk, a pretty floral note suggesting gardenia surfaces alongside raspberry and chocolate.
Floral-toned, deeply sweet. Tea rose, nectarine, sandalwood, cocoa nib, agave syrup in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart in structure with juicy, vibrant acidity and lightly satiny mouthfeel. Finish leads with notes of cocoa nib and tea rose, supported by hints of nectarine.
Gently fruit-toned, richly bittersweet. Raspberry, hop flowers, baking chocolate, honey, lemon verbena in aroma and cup. Sweet-savory structure with balanced acidity; viscous, satiny mouthfeel. The quietly intricate finish centers around raspberry and chocolate suggestions.
Fruit-centered, sweetly herb-toned. Cherry, lemon-thyme, tiger lily, wild honey, fresh-cut oak in aroma and cup. Sweetly savory with brisk acidity; full, syrupy-smooth mouthfeel. The crisply sweet finish consolidates around notes of honey and oak.
Citrusy, floral-toned. Bergamot, rhododendron, cashew butter, cocoa nib, maple syrup in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart with pert acidity; very full, syrupy-smooth mouthfeel. The finish centers around notes of cashew butter and maple syrup with a hint of bergamot.
Cocoa-and spice-toned. Cocoa powder, black cherry, fresh-cut oak, pistachio, baking spices in aroma and cup. Sweet structure with balanced acidity; full, syrupy mouthfeel. The finish is nutty and cocoa-driven, supported by notes of black cherry and oak.
Deeply sweet-savory, chocolate-toned. Dark chocolate, pear, praline, magnolia, a hint of thyme in aroma and cup. Sweet-savory structure with gentle, round acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel. The gently drying finish is very chocolaty with undertones of praline and magnolia.
Vibrantly sweet, subtly complex. Apricot, baking chocolate, hazelnut, hyacinth, cane sugar in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart structure with pert acidity; smooth, syrupy mouthfeel. Cocoa-toned finish supported by notes of stone fruit and hazelnut.
Richly sweet, deep-toned. Honeysuckle, date, hazelnut, agave syrup, cedar in aroma and cup. Crisply sweet structure with soft acidity; crisply satiny mouthfeel. The floral-toned finish leads with notes of honeysuckle and hazelnut rounding to sweet date and cedar in the long.
Briskly sweet-savory. Pie cherry, lavender, cocoa nib, cashew butter, apple blossom in aroma and cup. Richly bittersweet structure lifted by juicy acidity; smooth, satiny mouthfeel. The crisp finish consolidates to cocoa nib and cashew.
Cleanly fruit-forward, chocolaty. Dark chocolate, dried persimmon, halvah, cedar, honey in aroma and cup. Gently bittersweet structure with brisk acidity; very full, syrupy-smooth mouthfeel. Fruit- and chocolate-toned finish, crisp and long.
Multi-layered, rich, intricately sweet. Lemon balm, apricot, cardamom, cocoa nib, freesia-like flowers in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart with vibrant, juicy acidity; rich, syrupy mouthfeel. The finish leads with notes of lemon and cardamom, rounding to cocoa nib in the long.
Richly sweet, elegantly tart. Wisteria, pomegranate, fresh-cut fir, marjoram, orange zest in aroma and cup. Sweet structure with balanced acidity; lively, silky mouthfeel. The finish consolidates to suggestions of fir, marjoram and orange zest.
Crisply sweet, delicately aromatic. Hazelnut, date, tiger lily, fresh-cut fir, agave syrup in aroma and cup. Sweet structure with brisk acidity; velvety-smooth mouthfeel. The wood-framed finish is sweetly nut-toned into the long.
Vibrant, high-toned, delicately fruity. Strawberry guava, pink grapefruit zest, lemon balm, spearmint, cocoa nib in aroma and cup. Balanced, sweetly tart with gently juicy acidity; silky, elegant mouthfeel. Cocoa-driven finish with undertones of citrus and sweet herbs.
Rich-toned, enigmatic, complex. Red currant, star jasmine, pomegranate, dark chocolate, cedar in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with juicy, high-toned acidity; full, syrupy-smooth mouthfeel. The flavor-saturated finish consolidates to notes of red currant and dark chocolate with hints of cedar.
Crisp, balanced, bright. Red currant, thyme, wild honey, cocoa nib, amber in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart with crisp, lively acidity; viscous, almost creamy mouthfeel. Finish is sweetly herbaceous with hints of wild honey.
Richly sweet, deeply savory. Dried persimmon, baking chocolate, hop flowers, myrrh, tarragon in aroma and cup. Savory-sweet structure with gentle, round acidity; very smooth, satiny mouthfeel. The rich, resonant, exceptionally long finish centers around notes of persimmon and chocolate supported by myrrh and tarragon.
Evaluated as espresso. Citrusy, sweetly nut-toned. Tangerine, hazelnut, cocoa nib, Italian parsley, freesia-like flowers in aroma and small cup. Buoyant, creamy mouthfeel; in the finish rich and cocoa-driven with deep hazelnut notes carrying far into the sweet long. Quiets and simplifies in three parts milk, turning delicately nut-toned. 
Deeply sweet, chocolaty and nut-toned. Baking chocolate, almond brittle, gardenia, date, gently scorched oak in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned structure with gentle, round acidity; smooth, velvety mouthfeel. Chocolaty, nut-driven finish with undertones of gardenia and date.
Sweetly tart, richly savory. Star jasmine, pink grapefruit zest, ripe blackberry, cocoa nib, toffee in aroma and cup. Brightly tart-savory, complex structure with juicy acidity; plush, very syrupy mouthfeel. Star jasmine and blackberry notes lead in the long, resonant finish.
Chocolaty, sweetly savory. Baking chocolate, lemon verbena, pomegranate, fresh-cut oak, maple syrup in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned structure with round acidity; full, satiny mouthfeel. Quiet finish leads with notes of baking chocolate and maple syrup, supported by undertones of fresh-cut oak.
Bright, richly floral-toned. Wisteria, cocoa nib, tangerine zest, almond nougat, sandalwood in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with bright, juicy acidity; full, satiny mouthfeel. The satisfying finish leads with notes of wisteria and tangerine, rounding to almond nougat and sandalwood in the long.
Richly cocoa-toned. Cocoa nib, cashew butter, lily, lemon verbena, date in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned with mild acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel. Cocoa- and nut-driven finish.
Vibrantly sweet-savory. Red currant, toffee, hop flowers, marjoram, lemon verbena in aroma and cup. Richly bittersweet, balanced structure with lively acidity; plush, syrupy-smooth mouthfeel. Gentle finish with notes of red currant and marjoram.
Rich-toned, deeply sweet. Dried apricot, molasses, almond brittle, freesia-like flowers, cedar in aroma and cup. Sweet structure with gently brisk acidity; very full, syrupy-smooth mouthfeel. Sweetly nut-toned, long finish with notes of almond brittle and molasses.
Richly sweet-savory, citrus-toned. Tangerine zest, maple syrup, pistachio, rhododendron, baking chocolate in aroma and cup. Balanced structure with gentle, round acidity; full, lightly syrupy mouthfeel. The quiet finish is carried by notes of baking chocolate and pistachio.
Crisply sweet-tart. Almond butter, yellow plum, milk chocolate, clover flowers, a hint of thyme in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned structure with mild acidity; satiny, delicate mouthfeel. The sweetly nut-toned finish is supported by notes of chocolate and thyme.
Crisply sweet-savory. Date, hop flowers, tamarind, oak, cane sugar in aroma and cup. Richly bittersweet structure with lively acidity; velvety-smooth mouthfeel. Sweetly tart finish leads with tamarind notes, supported by sweet aromatic wood.
Richly sweet-tart. Black currant, almond, cocoa nib, freesia, maple syrup, cedar in aroma and cup. Brightly sweet structure with juicy acidity; crisp, satiny mouthfeel. Nut-toned finish with cedar undertones.
Sweet-toned, gently floral. Baking chocolate, honeysuckle, almond, fresh-cut fir, brown sugar in aroma and cup. Sweet structure with brisk acidity; full, velvety mouthfeel. Gently drying, wood-framed finish with undertones of baking chocolate and almond.
Evaluated as espresso. Deep-toned, chocolaty, fruit-forward. Chocolate fudge, ripe blueberry, fir, molasses, gardenia in aroma and small cup. Crisp, velvety mouthfeel; chocolaty finish supported by notes of fresh-cut fir. In three parts milk richly fruit-centered with blueberry and chocolate fudge notes front and center.
Richly chocolaty, floral-toned. Dark chocolate, magnolia, almond, caramel, cedar in aroma and cup. Sweet structure with mild acidity; delicate, velvety mouthfeel. A simple finish consolidates to notes of cedar and almond.
Crisply cocoa-toned. Baking chocolate, almond nougat, carnation, golden raisin, cedar in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned with brisk acidity; silky-smooth mouthfeel. Nut-toned finish with hints of baking chocolate and golden raisin.
Sweetly nut-toned. Hazelnut, red apple, baking chocolate, magnolia, molasses in aroma and cup. Sweet structure with gentle, round acidity; crisp, lightly satiny mouthfeel. Nut-toned finish with crisp chocolate undertones.
Confident, balanced, bright. Lilac, cocoa nib, red plum, sandalwood, maple syrup in aroma and cup. Richly sweet structure with juicy, vibrant acidity; very full, syrupy-smooth mouthfeel. Crisp, smooth finish centered around notes of cocoa nib and sandalwood with lilac and plum undertones. 
Gently fruit-toned, sweetly earthy. Golden raisin, hazelnut, freesia-like flowers, cedar, fresh leather in aroma and cup. Sweet-savory with round, fruity acidity; crisp, velvety mouthfeel. Finish consolidates to notes of golden raisin and fresh leather.
Crisply cocoa-toned. Baking chocolate, magnolia, pie cherry, oak, cane sugar in aroma and cup. Sweet structure with brisk acidity; crisp, silky mouthfeel. Cocoa-driven finish with undertones of oak and cane sugar.
Complex, multi-layered, richly floral-toned. Lilac, rose hips, tangerine zest, Marcona almond, cocoa nib in aroma and cup. Balanced, high-toned structure with lyrically vibrant acidity; plush, very syrupy mouthfeel. Long, lingering, flavor-saturated finish that carries through on the promise of the cup. 
Bright, juicy, balanced. Pink grapefruit zest, dark chocolate, candy apple, freesia-like flowers, cedar in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with lively acidity; silky, viscous mouthfeel. Chocolaty, citrus-toned finish supported by notes of fresh-cut cedar.
Nuanced, richly bittersweet. Dark chocolate, hop flowers, apricot, brown sugar, sandalwood in aroma and cup. Sweet-savory structure with crisp, round acidity; satiny-smooth mouthfeel. Chocolaty finish with undertones of apricot and sandalwood. 
Intensely fruit-centered, bright. Passion fruit, cocoa nib, ginger blossom, oak, lime zest in aroma and cup. Tart-leaning structure with citrusy acidity; crisp, velvety mouthfeel. Quietly fruit-driven finish.
Fruit-forward, multi-layered. Blueberry, musk, cocoa powder, freesia-like flowers, a hint of rum barrel in aroma and cup. Balanced structure with lively acidity; velvety-smooth mouthfeel. The resonant finish leads with dark berries in the short, while the long is characterized by spice-toned florals and a touch of sweet ferment.
Delicately sweet-savory, elegantly herb-toned. Tarragon, lilac, nectarine, lemon balm, amber in aroma and cup. Brightly sweet with juicy, vibrant acidity; plush, satiny mouthfeel. The complex, richly nuanced finish centers around lilac and tarragon with nectarine and amber undertones. 
Evaluated as espresso. Juicy, sweet-tart. Dried hibiscus, raspberry jam, cocoa nib, cedar, molasses in aroma and small cup. Plush, syrupy-smooth mouthfeel; richly tart finish. Chocolaty and pleasingly bittersweet in three parts milk, with tart floral and berry notes.
Balanced, richly fruit-forward. Lychee, cocoa nib, wisteria, maple syrup, pistachio brittle in aroma and cup. Brightly sweet with delicately juicy acidity; silky-smooth mouthfeel. Finish consolidates to notes of cocoa-toned tropical fruit and pistachio.
Sweetly fermenty, deeply rich. Aged red wine, ginger blossom, vanilla, pink grapefruit zest, baking chocolate in aroma and cup. Very sweet, high-toned structure with winy acidity; smooth, creamy mouthfeel. Spice-toned, delicate finish. 
Delicately sweet-tart, richly aromatic. Pomegranate, lavender, cocoa nib, lemon-thyme, cedar in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart structure with bright, graceful acidity; light but viscous, silky mouthfeel. Long, confident finish led by notes of lavender and pomegranate, rounding to citrus-toned cocoa nib in the long.
Sweet-savory, multi-layered, deep-toned. Tangerine zest, dark chocolate, goji berry, almond nougat, myrrh in aroma and cup. Savory-leaning structure with citrusy acidity; very full, syrupy mouthfeel. Resounding, satisfying finish driven by chocolate and citrus.
 Bright, richly high-toned. Lilac, frankincense, cocoa nib, pink grapefruit zest, pistachio butter in aroma and cup. Delicately sweet-tart with balanced, vibrant acidity; silky, viscous mouthfeel. Resonant, long, flavor-saturated finish.
Floral, spice-toned. Jasmine, pink peppercorn, honey, apricot, myrrh in aroma and cup. Sweet structure with vivacious acidity; very full, syrupy mouthfeel. The finish consolidates to notes of pink peppercorn and honey.
High-toned, elegant, balanced. Apricot, almond butter, bergamot, cedar, cocoa nib in aroma and cup. Delicately sweet structure with juicy-bright acidity; very syrupy, lively mouthfeel. Cocoa-toned finish supported by notes of apricot and almond.
Crisply sweet-savory. Dark chocolate, lavender, date, agave syrup, lemon zest in aroma and cup. Richly bittersweet structure with velvety-smooth mouthfeel; chocolaty finish with lavender undertones.
Chocolaty, cleanly fruit-forward. Dark chocolate, blueberry, sandalwood, wisteria, lemongrass in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with brisk acidity; syrupy-smooth mouthfeel. Richly chocolaty finish with undertones of wisteria and sandalwood.
Richly aromatic, deeply and sweetly herb-toned. Cocoa nib, bergamot, lilac, maple syrup, myrrh in aroma and cup. Deeply sweet-toned in structure with vibrant, juicy acidity; syrupy-smooth mouthfeel. The long, resonant finish is flavor-saturated, floral- and fruit-toned.
Subtly complex, delicately sweet. Red plum, hazelnut, agave syrup, honeysuckle, fresh-cut oak in aroma and cup. Balanced structure with pert acidity; full, syrupy mouthfeel. The gently fruit-toned finish is supported by hazelnut and oak notes.
Richly sweet, deeply nut-toned. Almond butter, cane sugar, orange zest, date, a hint of magnolia in aroma and cup. Sweet structure with gentle, round acidity; crisp, satiny mouthfeel. The quiet, sweet finish that leads with notes of almond butter and date.
Evaluated as espresso produced as a “ristretto” 25ml (.85-ounce) shot using a Nespresso capsule espresso brewer with whole milk heated using a conventional steam wand. Crisply chocolaty, sweet-toned. Baking chocolate, orange zest, almond, rhododendron, fresh-cut oak in aroma and small cup. Satiny-smooth mouthfeel; gently drying, cocoa-toned finish. In three parts, milk, crisply sweet and chocolaty with pleasing rhododendron notes.
Deeply sweet, citrus-toned. Magnolia, tangerine zest, caramel, baking chocolate, lemon-thyme in aroma and cup. Sweet structure with brisk acidity; satiny-smooth mouthfeel. The delicate finish centers around notes of baking chocolate and tangerine zest.
Rich, resonant, lyrically juicy. Dark chocolate, dried white peach, lilac, myrrh, ginseng in aroma and cup. Balanced, high-toned structure with juicy-bright acidity; plush, syrupy-smooth mouthfeel. Long, lingering, integrated finish fulfills the promise of the cup.
Deeply sweet-savory, intricate, inviting. Black currant, cocoa nib, lemon verbena, fresh-cut oak, Nutella in aroma and cup. Balanced, sweetly tart structure with juicy-bright acidity; plush, satiny mouthfeel. The finish consolidates to lasting black currant and Nutella notes.
Complex, cleanly fruit-forward. Raspberry coulis, cocoa nib, hazelnut butter, lilac, sandalwood in aroma and cup. Bright, sweetly tart structure with juicy acidity; delicate, silky-smooth mouthfeel. The resonant finish consolidates to notes of raspberry and hazelnut with sandalwood undertones. 
Chocolaty, crisply sweet. Baking chocolate, date, almond, cedar, agave syrup in aroma and cup. Sweet structure with pert acidity; satiny mouthfeel. The finish centers around notes of baking chocolate and almond with cedar undertones.
Deep yet soaring, vertically complex. Dried black currant, dark chocolate, sandalwood, ginger blossom, tangerine zest in aroma and cup. Richly sweet-savory with deep, vibrant acidity; viscous but buoyant mouthfeel. The long, lingering, multi-layered finish thoroughly honors the promise of the cup.
Focused, gently bright, complex. Dried goji berry, vanilla bean, clementine, baking chocolate, fresh-cut oak, lemon verbena in aroma and cup. Balanced structure (sweet, tart, savory) with richly pungent but juicy acidity; plushly syrupy mouthfeel. Deep and multi-layered in the finish.
Resonantly floral and fruit-centered. Date, orange blossom, dark chocolate, agave syrup, pungent cedar in aroma and cup. Sweetly and roundly bright with deep savory-juicy acidity; plump, creamy mouthfeel. Coherent, complex, lingering finish.
Big, nuanced, multi-faceted. Fresh black currant, bergamot, pink grapefruit, sandalwood, maple syrup in aroma and cup. Deeply sweet with bright, juicy-tart acidity; crisply satiny mouthfeel. Delicately sweet, citrusy finish with sandalwood undertones.
Sweetly pungent, chocolate-driven, richly earth-toned. Dark chocolate, lavender, cedar, persimmon, sarsaparilla in aroma and cup. Balanced, pleasingly bittersweet structure with bright acidity; satiny mouthfeel. The finish consolidates to notes of dark chocolate and sarsaparilla.
Quietly complex, gently bright. Macadamia nut, baking chocolate, magnolia, blackberry, cedar in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned structure with gentle, round acidity; full, syrupy mouthfeel. The resonant finish centers around notes of crisp chocolate and cedar.
Elegantly fruit-toned, richly sweet. Dried black cherry, pipe tobacco, almond, vanilla, honeysuckle in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart structure with gently brisk acidity; very syrupy-smooth mouthfeel. The finish consolidates  vanilla and cherry notes supported by pipe tobacco.
Sweetly bright, intense, perfumy. Passionfruit, banana, chocolate fudge, cedar, lily in aroma and cup. Juicy and lactic tangy-sweet in structure; creamy-smooth in mouthfeel. The sweet but gently drying finish consolidates to suggestions of chocolate, fruit and lily.
Chocolaty and richly wood-framed. Dark chocolate, fresh-cut pine, magnolia, pink peppercorn, golden raisin in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart structure with pert acidity; crisp, velvety mouthfeel. Richly drying, chocolaty finish. 
Chocolaty, deep-toned. Baking chocolate, hazelnut, gardenia, molasses, cedar in aroma and cup. Sweet in structure with gentle, round acidity; plush, satiny mouthfeel. Chocolaty, richly nut-framed finish.
Deeply pungent, richly sweet-savory. Dark chocolate, cranberry sauce, orange blossom, lemon-thyme, a hint of wine barrel in aroma and cup. Brightly sweet-savory with winy acidity; very full, creamy mouthfeel. Finish consolidates to notes of dark chocolate and cranberry sauce with undertones of wine barrel.
Crisply sweet, richly resonant. Red apple, almond butter, cane sugar, fresh-cut oak, lily in aroma and cup. Sweet structure with pert acidity; full, syrupy mouthfeel. The finish centers around almond, oak and crisp apple.
Evaluated as espresso. Delicately fruit-forward, floral-toned. Raspberry jam, cocoa nib, cherry blossom, cedar, molasses in aroma and small cup. Satiny mouthfeel; sweetly tart, fruit-driven finish. In cappuccino-scaled milk, cocoa notes are amplified and tart fruit notes round to gentle sweetness.
Evaluated as espresso produced as a “ristretto” 25ml (.85-ounce) shot using a Nespresso capsule espresso brewer with whole milk heated using a conventional steam wand. Delicately sweet, citrus-toned. Tangerine zest, cocoa nib, jasmine, almond, cherry blossom in aroma and small cup. Crisp, silky mouthfeel; cocoa-toned, citrusy finish. In three parts milk, cocoa notes move forward while tangerine falls back to a supporting role.
Berry-toned, invitingly nuanced. Raspberry, musk, cocoa powder, freesia-like flowers, a hint of rum barrel in aroma and cup. Balanced structure with brisk acidity; plush, lively mouthfeel. The finish leads with distinct raspberry notes in the short, while the long is characterized by spice-toned florals and pleasing sweet ferment.
Evaluated as espresso produced as a “ristretto” 25ml (.85-ounce) shot using a Nespresso capsule espresso brewer with whole milk heated using a conventional steam wand. Sweet-toned, chocolaty, nut-driven. Cashew, baking chocolate, hazelnut brittle, marjoram, brown sugar in aroma and small cup. Sweetly nut-toned finish with hints of baking chocolate and marjoram. In cappuccino-scaled milk, sweet herb notes subside and chocolate and cashew take center stage.
Evaluated as espresso. Chocolaty and fruit-toned. Ripe blueberry, baking chocolate, gardenia, fir, caramel in aroma and small cup. Full, syrupy mouthfeel; gently drying, wood-framed finish. In three parts milk, balanced, chocolate-toned and fruity.
Richly sweet, deep-toned. Baking chocolate, hazelnut, date, magnolia, cedar in aroma and cup. Sweet in structure with brisk acidity; satiny mouthfeel. Chocolate-toned finish with undertones of hazelnut and cedar.
Sweetly roast-toned, floral. Gardenia, dark chocolate, raisin, gently scorched oak, cashew in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned structure with gentle, round acidity; delicate, velvety mouthfeel. Dark chocolate and gardenia lead in the finish, supported by smoky oak.
Intricately layered, deeply sweet. Wisteria, cocoa nib, nectarine, amber, cashew in aroma and cup. Bright, juicy acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel. The resonant, flavor-saturated finish leads with notes of wisteria and nectarine, balanced by suggestions of crisp cocoa.
Gently fruit-toned, sweetly herbaceous. Dried apricot, marjoram, cocoa nib, lilac, almond butter in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart with vibrant, inviting acidity; very full, satiny mouthfeel. Cocoa tones in the finish are supported by suggestions of marjoram and a hint of lilac.
Crisply high-toned, richly sweet-savory. Dark chocolate, goji berry, lemon verbena, honeysuckle, hazelnut brittle in aroma and cup. Sweet-savory structure with lively, balanced acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel. The finish consolidates to dark chocolate and honeysuckle.
Richly sweet-tart, deeply berry-toned. Fresh blueberry, rhododendron, Meyer lemon zest, dark chocolate, fresh-cut oak in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned structure with gentle, round acidity; very syrupy-smooth mouthfeel. Finish consolidates to notes of blueberry and dark chocolate with oak undertones.
Elegantly bright, richly juicy, elaborately complete. Toffee, pomelo, plum marmalade, star jasmine, sandalwood in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart structure with lyrically balanced acidity; syrupy, viscous mouthfeel. Resonant, long, satisfying finish.
Sweetly high-toned, fruit-forward, richly aromatic. Tangerine, Jolly Rancher, dark chocolate, wild honey, narcissus in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with juicy, vibrant acidity; viscous, syrupy mouthfeel. The very long finish leads with notes of dark chocolate and Jolly Rancher in the short, rounding to narcissus and honey in the long.
Deeply and richly sweet, chocolate- and berry-toned. Blackberry, dark chocolate fudge, almond nougat, agave syrup, fresh-cut cedar in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned structure with juicy-bright acidity; very full, satiny mouthfeel. The crisp finish consolidates to notes of dark chocolate fudge and blackberry.
Crisply chocolaty, sweetly nut-toned. Baking chocolate, hazelnut butter, magnolia, date, oak in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned with pert acidity; plush, syrupy-smooth mouthfeel. The gentle finish centers around notes of baking chocolate and hazelnut with magnolia undertones.
Evaluated as espresso. Richly chocolaty, complex, multi-layered. Chocolate fudge, dried passionfruit, almond nougat, cedar, graphite in aroma and small cup. Lively, syrupy-smooth mouthfeel; crisply sweet-tart, chocolaty finish. In three parts milk, chocolate notes are amplified, and fruit tones softened, while the pleasing mineral edge lingers.
Deeply rich, sweetly savory. Pomelo, myrrh, dried apricot, dark chocolate, the pungent herb epazote in aroma and cup. Juicy-sweet structure with tart, zesty acidity; plush, creamy mouthfeel. The resonant finish centers around notes of apricot and chocolate with hints of tarragon.
Delicately citrus- and floral-toned. Bergamot, star jasmine, lemon verbena, cocoa nib, sandalwood in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with bright, vibrant acidity; lively, silky mouthfeel. Finish consolidates to notes of cocoa nib and star jasmine.
High-toned, juicy, complex. Red currant, toffee, grapefruit marmalade, star jasmine, sandalwood in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart with richly vibrant, balanced acidity; very full, syrupy-smooth mouthfeel. The resonant, lingering finish carries forward the multi-layered nuance of the cup.
Sweetly herbaceous, cocoa-driven. Cocoa nib, lemon-thyme, pink grapefruit zest, caramel, cedar in aroma and cup. Sweetly savory with brisk acidity; delicate, silky mouthfeel. T
Crisply sweet-tart, richly wood-framed. Rhododendron, blueberry, rum barrel, chocolate fudge, pecan praline in aroma and cup. Brightly sweet structure with winy acidity; viscous, satiny mouthfeel. Crisp, drying finish that leads with notes of oak barrel and deep chocolate.
Complex, richly sweet. Nectarine, lime zest, cocoa nib, nougat, lilac in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with juicy, balanced acidity; delicate, silky mouthfeel. The finish consolidates to notes of cocoa nib and lime zest.
Intensely fruit-driven, richly sweet-tart. Raspberry jam, maple syrup, cocoa nib, fresh-cut fir, jasmine in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned structure with gently tart acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel. Fruit-toned finish with undertones of maple syrup and fir.
Intensely aromatic, richly fruit-driven. Dark chocolate, fermented pomegranate juice, gardenia, sassafras, Meyer lemon zest in aroma and cup. Sweet-savory structure with richly bittersweet, juicy acidity; syrupy-smooth mouthfeel. Chocolaty and floral in the finish with a deliberate hint of ferment.
Sweetly fruit-driven, richly aromatic. Lychee, hop flowers, cocoa nib, thyme, agave syrup in aroma and cup. Sweet-savory structure with bittersweet acidity; full, syrupy-smooth mouthfeel. The finish centers around notes of lychee and hop flowers with cocoa undertones.
Earthy-rich, deep-toned. The odor of oak forest, dark chocolate, hazelnut butter, magnolia, orange zest in aroma and cup. Richly bittersweet structure with brisk acidity; plush, creamy mouthfeel. The sweet finish centers around notes of dark chocolate and aromatic oak.
Deep-toned, sweet, chocolaty. Baking chocolate, golden raisin, molasses, baking spices, fresh-cut cedar in aroma and cup. Sweet structure with gentle, round acidity; very full, velvety mouthfeel. Crisply sweet, chocolaty finish.
Richly aromatic, floral-toned. Orange blossom, baking chocolate, vanilla bean, apricot, the scent of oak forest in aroma and cup. Crisply sweet structure with floral acidity; very smooth, full mouthfeel. The chocolaty finish is supported by notes of orange blossom and vanilla bean.
Cleanly fruit-toned, juicy, deep. Raspberry coulis, cocoa nib, lavender, hazelnut, fresh-cut oak in aroma and cup. High-toned, sweetly tart structure with juicy-vibrant acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel. Rich, inviting, flavor-saturated finish.
 Deeply sweet-savory, complex, layered. Asian pear, rhododendron, pomelo, Nutella, candied walnut in aroma and cup. Richly bittersweet structure with gently bright acidity; plush, syrupy-smooth mouthfeel. Resonant, long, flavor-laden finish.
Crisply sweet-tart, cocoa-toned. Narcissus, cocoa nib, raspberry, tangerine zest, white peppercorn in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with gently bright acidity; delicate, very silky mouthfeel. The cocoa-toned finish is supported by undertones of tangerine zest and white peppercorn. 
High-toned, richly sweet-tart. Mango, cocoa nib, lemongrass, cedar, narcissus in aroma and cup. Balanced, sweetly tart structure with lively acidity; syrupy-smooth mouthfeel. The long, sweetly herb-toned finish leads with lemongrass notes with undertones of crisp cocoa nib.
Delicate, complex, rich-toned. Cocoa nib, persimmon, caramel, cardamom, fresh-cut cedar in aroma and cup. Sweet-savory structure with balanced, bright acidity; lithe, satiny mouthfeel. Cocoa-toned finish with undercurrents of caramel and cardamom. 
Crisply sweet-tart, balanced. Pear, almond butter, magnolia, baking chocolate, molasses in aroma and cup. Brightly sweet-tart structure with lively acidity; crisp, satiny mouthfeel. Finish consolidates to notes of almond, pear and baking chocolate.
Subtly complex, rich-toned. Goji berry, cocoa nib, agave nectar, hibiscus, lemon-thyme in aroma and cup. Bright, bittersweet structure with brisk acidity; very full, satiny-smooth mouthfeel. The resonant finish centers around notes of goji berry and lemon-thyme.
Deeply sweet, fruit-toned, vibrant. Persimmon, dark chocolate, marshmallow, pistachio, pink grapefruit zest in aroma and cup. Sweet structure with bright, juicy acidity; full, creamy-smooth mouthfeel. The cleanly fruit-toned finish is supported by notes of pistachio and dark chocolate.
Chocolaty and juicy-bright. Oreo cookie, pomegranate, freesia, maple syrup, tangerine zest in aroma and cup. Sweet structure with high-toned acidity; crisp, velvety mouthfeel. Chocolaty finish with undertones of freesia and maple syrup. 
Evaluated as espresso. Blueberry, Nutella, narcissus, cedar, brown sugar in aroma and small cup. Full, syrupy mouthfeel; fruit-toned finish with Nutella and cedar undertones. Rich and deep in three parts milk with notes of Nutella and narcissus throughout. 
Evaluated as espresso. Blueberry, Nutella, narcissus, cedar, brown sugar in aroma and small cup. Full, syrupy mouthfeel; fruit-toned finish with Nutella and cedar undertones. Rich and deep in three parts milk with notes of Nutella and narcissus throughout. 
Richly fruit-toned with savory undercurrents. Blueberry, molasses, hop flowers, baking chocolate, lemon-thyme in aroma and cup. Appealingly bittersweet structure with gentle, round acidity; crisp, lightly satiny mouthfeel. Berry-toned finish with notes of molasses and lemon-thyme.
Evaluated as espresso. Complex, vibrant, richly nuanced. Toffee, pomegranate, dark chocolate, star jasmine, marjoram in aroma and small cup. Very viscous, syrupy-smooth mouthfeel; resonant, long, flavor-saturated finish. Integrated and harmonious in three parts milk, with pomegranate and dark chocolate framing deep suggestions of star jasmine.
Gently fruit-forward, sweetly nut-toned. Dried persimmon, baking chocolate, lily, cashew, molasses in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned structure with gentle, round acidity; smooth, satiny mouthfeel. Nut-toned finish with hints of persimmon and lily.
Balanced, complex, classic. Red plum, Nutella, lavender, lemon verbena, fresh-cut cedar in aroma and cup. Gently sweet-tart structure with high-toned acidity; full, viscous mouthfeel. All the flavor notes from the cup, especially red plum and Nutella, carry into a harmonious, integrated finish. 
Evaluated as espresso. Deeply sweet, harmoniously balanced. Pomegranate syrup, almond butter, cedar, dark chocolate, plumeria in aroma and small cup. Full, satiny-smooth mouthfeel; chocolaty, floral-toned finish. Plumeria notes predominate in cappuccino-scaled milk, with undertones of dark chocolate and almond butter.
Richly sweet-tart, fruit-forward. Dried strawberry, dark chocolate, almond brittle, lemon thyme, cedar in aroma and cup. Brightly sweet with juicy acidity; creamy-smooth mouthfeel. Resonant finish, flavor-laden well into the long.
Harmoniously balanced, deep-toned, bright. Nectarine, cocoa nib, pink grapefruit zest, star jasmine, marjoram in aroma and cup. Richly sweet-savory structure with malic, apple-toned acidity; plush, syrupy-smooth mouthfeel. The satisfying finish carries over all the flavor notes from the cup. 
Crisply sweet, gently tart. Red plum, dark chocolate, freesia-like flowers, cedar, honey in aroma and cup. Brightly sweet structure with crisp, lively acidity; viscous, satiny mouthfeel. The finish centers around notes of red plum and dark chocolate.
Deeply floral, richly spice-toned. Passionfruit, wild honey, cocoa nib, spiced rum, narcissus in aroma and cup. Sweetly savory structure with balanced, high-toned acidity; crisply satiny mouthfeel. Floral and fruit-forward finish with crisp cocoa undertones.
Richly aromatic, deeply sweet. Dark chocolate, blackberry, honeysuckle, fresh-cut oak, lemon balm in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned structure with lively acidity; delicately satiny mouthfeel. Rich chocolate and fresh blackberry notes dominate in a flavor-saturated finish.
Crisply sweet-savory, deep-toned. Concord grape, baking spices, dark chocolate, tea rose, the scent of balsa wood in aroma and cup. Sweet structure with brisk acidity; very full, viscous mouthfeel. Crisp, sweetly wood-framed finish with undertones of baking spices.
Bright, citrusy, floral-toned. Pink grapefruit zest, lemon thyme, baking chocolate, date, lilac in aroma and cup. Crisply sweet structure with balanced acidity; very smooth, satiny mouthfeel. Citrusy finish with undertones of baking chocolate.
Juicy, fruit-toned, bright and lively. Raspberry jam, dark chocolate, hop flowers, thyme, wild honey in aroma and cup. Richly bittersweet in structure, balanced with juicy acidity; very smooth, syrupy mouthfeel. The finish centers around notes of raspberry and dark chocolate supported by richly bittersweet hop flowers.
Richly aromatic, sweet-tart. Watermelon candy, dark chocolate, freesia and hop flowers, cedar in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart structure with gently bright acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel. The tart-leaning finish consolidates to notes of watermelon candy and hop flowers.
Evaluated as espresso. Sweet-toned, chocolaty and floral. Dark chocolate, pomegranate, freesia-like flowers, cedar, caramel in aroma and cup. Satiny-smooth mouthfeel; chocolaty, caramel-toned finish. In three parts milk, dessert-like in its chocolaty sweetness and floral undertones.
Richly bittersweet, citrus-toned. Bergamot, dark chocolate, narcissus, cedar, molasses in aroma and cup. Bittersweet structure with vibrant acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel. The finish centers around notes of dark chocolate and bergamot.
Richly fruit-forward, chocolaty. Dried persimmon, chocolate fudge, almond brittle, cedar in aroma and cup. Sweet-savory structure with winy acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel. The rich-toned finish consolidates to dried persimmon, chocolate fudge, and cedar.
Savory-sweet, intensely aromatic and flavor-saturated. Dried red plum, amber, teriyaki sauce, cocoa nib, pink peppercorn in aroma and cup. Savory-tart structure with fruit-toned, focused acidity; rich, syrupy mouthfeel. The crisp finish consolidates to notes of teriyaki and cocoa nib.
Citrus- and chocolate-toned. Candied mandarin, dark chocolate, hazelnut butter, wisteria, fresh-cut oak in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned structure with bright, balanced acidity; syrupy-smooth mouthfeel. Crisply sweet, citrusy finish with dark chocolate undertones.
Delicately fruit-forward, suave, intricate. Pluot, cocoa nib, Meyer lemon zest, star jasmine, pistachio in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned structure with elegantly bright acidity; silky, vibrant mouthfeel. Long, resonant, flavor-saturated finish.
Elegantly fruit-toned, complex, deeply layered. Lychee, macadamia nut, pink grapefruit zest, cocoa nib, plumeria in aroma and cup. Richly sweet-tart structure with bright, juicy acidity; supple, syrupy mouthfeel. The long, nuanced finish retains all of the flavor and aroma notes from the cup and adds a subtle incense-like note suggesting sandalwood.
Richly sweet, deeply aromatic. Strawberry guava, cocoa nib, wild honey, marjoram, lilac in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with richly tart acidity; syrupy-smooth mouthfeel. Long, lingering finish with strawberry guava and cocoa nib in front and wild honey and marjoram undertones.
Deep-toned, richly sweet-savory. Blackberry jam, toffee, lavender, spearmint, fresh-cut cedar in aroma and cup. Vibrantly sweet-savory structure with lilting acidity; lively, viscous mouthfeel. Blackberry and lavender notes lead in the short finish, which rounds toward toffee in the long.
Dried mulberry, lemon verbena, apple blossom, cocoa nib, wild honey in aroma and cup. Sweet, high-toned structure with fruity acidity; full, satiny-smooth mouthfeel. Cocoa- and mulberry-driven finish.
Floral- and citrus-toned. Star jasmine, pink grapefruit zest, cocoa nib, agave syrup, lychee in aroma and cup. Bright structure with sweetly citrusy acidity; crisp, satiny mouthfeel. Quiet but inviting finish redolent of pink grapefruit zest and cocoa nib.
Juicy, fruit-driven, balanced. Raspberry jam, dark chocolate, narcissus, caramel, cedar in aroma and cup. Tart-leaning structure with winy acidity; impressively satiny-smooth mouthfeel. The crisply sweet-tart finish centers around raspberry and chocolate suggestions. 
Quietly bittersweet, cocoa-toned. Lime zest, cocoa powder, hop flowers, cedar, persimmon in aroma and cup. Bittersweet structure with brisk acidity; lightly satiny mouthfeel. The finish centers around notes of cocoa powder and hop flowers.
Exuberantly sweet-toned, richly floral. Dark chocolate, narcissus, sandalwood, blood orange zest, cedar in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned structure with bright, fruity acidity; full, satiny mouthfeel. The finish centers around citrus, chocolate, and flowers.
Floral-toned, delicately chocolaty. Lilac, cocoa nib, red currant, honey, pink grapefruit zest in aroma and cup. Richly sweet structure; bright, balanced acidity. Syrupy-smooth mouthfeel. The finish leads with cocoa nib and concludes with honey-toned red currant.
Richly sweet, floral-toned. Magnolia, almond, maple syrup, plum, myrrh in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart structure, with bright, juicy acidity; delicate, silky mouthfeel. The richly drying finish centers around notes of almond and myrrh.
Delicately sweet, deeply savory. Butterscotch, cocoa nib, black currant, frankincense, marjoram in aroma and cup. Crisply sweet-tart structure with balanced acidity; full, syrupy-smooth mouthfeel. The cocoa-toned finish is supported by notes of butterscotch and marjoram.
Deep-toned, crisply chocolaty. Baking chocolate, cashew, orange zest, cedar, date in aroma and cup. Sweet structure with gentle acidity; full, creamy mouthfeel. The lightly drying finish leads with notes of baking chocolate and cedar.
Brightly sweet-tart. Pomegranate, cedar, baking chocolate, freesia-like flowers, brown sugar in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with pert acidity; crisp, velvety mouthfeel. The gently drying finish leads with notes of baking chocolate and freesia, rounding to cedar and brown sugar in the long.
Quietly nuanced, nut-forward. Hazelnut, caramel, grapefruit, fresh-cut fir, a hint of gardenia in aroma and cup. Sweetly brisk structure; velvety mouthfeel. The nut-toned finish is supported by caramel and spice-toned florals.
Evaluated as espresso. Richly aromatic, deeply sweet-tart. Dried apricot, cedar, lilac, almond, dark chocolate in aroma and small cup. Syrupy-smooth mouthfeel; crisply fruit-toned finish. In cappuccino-scaled milk, apricot and lilac notes are particularly inviting.
Delicately and confidently sweet. Watermelon candy, lemon-thyme, cocoa nib, freesia, fresh-cut oak in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with brisk acidity; very smooth, full mouthfeel. Sweetly herbaceous finish.
Passion fruit, dark chocolate, frankincense, wisteria, sandalwood in aroma and cup. Richly sweet-tart structure with high-toned, juicy acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel. Lasting, flavor-saturated finish with nuanced layers of fruit and florals into the long.
Crisply sweet-tart. Candied apple, pecan, clove, magnolia, fresh-cut fir in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned structure with brisk acidity; very full, syrupy mouthfeel. Wood-framed, sweetly nut-toned finish.
Evaluated as espresso. Richly chocolaty, sweetly tart. Black cherry, dark chocolate, honeysuckle, almond brittle, cedar in aroma and small cup. Crisp, syrupy
Rich-toned, deeply sweet. Almond brittle, narcissus, pear, marjoram, fresh-cut cedar in aroma and cup. Sweet structure with brisk acidity; very smooth, creamy mouthfeel. The nut-toned finish is nicely complicated by narcissus and a hint of marjoram.
Crisply sweet. Pecan, red apple, oak, caramel, lily in aroma and cup. Sweet structure with crisply brisk acidity; velvety mouthfeel. The gently drying finish centers around pecan and oak notes.
Richly sweet-savory, deep-toned. Baking spices, dark chocolate, date, narcissus, tangerine zest in aroma and cup. Sweetly savory structure with juicy, resonant acidity; plush, creamy mouthfeel. Long, lingering, flavor-saturated finish that leads with baking spices with undertones of dark chocolate and narcissus.
Aromatically other-worldly, resoundingly juicy. Caramelized pineapple, aromatic orchid, pistachio, raw chocolate, oolong tea in aroma and cup. Sweet-savory-tart structure with gently bright acidity; deep, syrupy mouthfeel. Flavor-laden finish with especially impressive fruit and florals.
Richly sweet-tart, delicately balanced. Lychee, cocoa nib, sandalwood, star jasmine, hot buttered rum in aroma and cup. High-toned structure with juicy-bright acidity; very smooth, syrupy mouthfeel. Resonant, flavor-laden finish.
High-toned, balanced, richly sweet-tart. Dried apricot, star jasmine, cocoa nib, caramel, star anise in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart structure with juicy, engaging
Richly sweet-savory. Caramel, guava, rose hips, hop flowers, pink peppercorn in aroma and cup. Balanced, bittersweet structure with sweetly brisk acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel. Spice-toned finish consolidates to notes of pink peppercorn and caramel.
Brightly sweet-tart; juicy and complex. Goji berry, dark chocolate, nutmeg, dark caramel, gardenia in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart structure with winy acidity;
Richly sweet, delicately tart, very complex. Bergamot, star jasmine, pluot, cocoa nib, marjoram in aroma and cup. Brightly sweet structure with juicy acidity;
Deeply sweet, richly fruit-forward. Dark chocolate, tangerine zest, candied hazelnut, fresh-cut fir, cinnamon in aroma and cup. Crisply sweet structure with
Delicately sweet-tart, rich-toned. Dried apricot, dark chocolate, cashew butter, plumeria, pink grapefruit zest in aroma and cup. Sweet structure with tart, juicy
Deeply aromatic, complex. Dried mulberry, dark chocolate, almond butter, lilac, pink grapefruit zest in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with bright, lively
High-toned, elegantly floral, intricately balanced. Concord grape, frankincense, aromatic orchid, candy cap mushroom, cocoa nib in aroma and cup. Deeply
Delicate, deeply sweet, complexly layered. Passion fruit, wild honey, lilac, macadamia nut, tangerine zest in aroma and cup. Balanced, sweet-tart structure with juicy acidity; crisp, satiny-smooth mouthfeel. The richly cocoa-toned finish is alive with tropical fruit and rich aromatic wood notes.
Crisply sweet, fruit-forward, spice-toned. Peach, star jasmine, cocoa nib, myrrh, maple syrup in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart structure with juicy, vibrant acidity;
Delicately tropical. Lychee, ginger blossom, cocoa nib, amber, agave syrup in aroma and cup. Sweet, lively structure with juicy acidity; crisp, silky mouthfeel.
Delicately sweet-tart. Cocoa nib, green plum, hazelnut, lavender, fresh-cut fir in aroma and cup. Crisply sweet structure with bright, citrusy acidity; velvety
Evaluated as espresso. Balanced, chocolaty, subtly fruit-toned. Dark chocolate, tamarind, wild honey, marjoram, honeysuckle in aroma and small cup. Plush, syrupy mouthfeel; chocolaty finish with undertones of tamarind and wild honey. In cappuccino-scaled milk, tart tamarind notes stand up to the chocolate, and undercurrents of honeysuckle contribute sweet spice notes.
Crisp, lively, citrus-toned. Meyer lemon zest, plum, cocoa nib, freesia-like flowers, agave syrup in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with brisk acidity; full, syrupy-smooth mouthfeel. The finish leads with Meyer lemon and cocoa notes supported by a hint of agave syrup.
Aromatic, wood-framed, berry-toned. Berry melange, fresh-cut cedar, agave syrup, lily, grapefruit zest in aroma and cup. Sweet structure with gentle, round acidity; crisp, silky mouthfeel. Wood-framed finish with berry and grapefruit undertones.
Flavor-saturated, sweetly tart. Candy apple, lime zest, cocoa nib, freesia-like flowers, fresh-cut fir in aroma and cup. Gently tart structure with crisp acidity; velvety-smooth mouthfeel. Wood-framed finish with undertones of cocoa nib and lime zest.
Rich-toned, sweetly nutty. Almond butter, baking chocolate, date, magnolia, cedar in aroma and cup. Sweet structure with gently brisk acidity; full, satiny
Crisply, quietly sweet-savory. Pear, Brazil nut, fir, brown sugar, carnation in aroma and cup. Sweet structure with brisk acidity; velvety mouthfeel. Gently drying, nut-toned finish.
Evaluated as espresso. Richly sweet, fruit-toned. Dark chocolate, date, sassafras, molasses, fresh-cut cedar in aroma and small cup. Velvety mouthfeel; the crisp finish centers around dark chocolate and cedar notes. Dark chocolate and molasses amplify in milk while date and cedar recede.
Richly bittersweet, complex. Dark chocolate, sassafras, honey, pear, cashew in aroma and cup. Bittersweet structure with pert acidity; satiny-smooth mouthfeel.
Sweet-toned, floral. Magnolia, yellow plum, almond, cane sugar, cedar in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart structure with gently bright acidity; satiny mouthfeel. Floral- and aromatic wood-toned finish.
Balanced, sweetly savory. Narcissus, date, orange zest, tamarind, cedar in aroma and cup. Sweet structure with brisk acidity; full, syrupy-smooth mouthfeel. The finish leads with notes of tamarind, supported by orange zest and cedar.
Richly floral, deep-toned. Narcissus, cocoa nib, peach, fir, almond in aroma and cup. Sweet structure with pert acidity; velvety mouthfeel. The finish shows a pretty floral throughline supported by notes of stone fruit and cocoa nib.
Gently fruit-toned, wood-framed. Prune, balsa wood, hazelnut, orange zest, a hint of freesia in aroma and cup. Sweet-savory structure with gently bittersweet acidity; velvety mouthfeel. Notes of balsa and hazelnut drive the finish.
Delicate, crisply sweet. Pistachio, fir, lime zest, freesia, brown sugar in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned structure with gentle acidity; velvety mouthfeel. The finish consolidates to notes of fir and lime zest.
Richly bittersweet. Dark chocolate, hop flowers, fir, almond, raisin in aroma and cup. Bittersweet structure with gentle acidity; very full, syrupy mouthfeel. The crisp, chocolaty finish is supported by smoky aromatic wood notes.
Balanced, richly bittersweet. Cocoa powder, prairie flowers, date, lily, fresh-cut oak in aroma and cup. Savory-sweet structure with bittersweet acidity; full, syrupy mouthfeel. The gently drying finish centers around notes of cocoa powder and fir.
Bright, deeply chocolaty. Dark chocolate, grapefruit zest, plum, hazelnut, thyme in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with juicy acidity; full, satiny mouthfeel. Chocolaty, nut-toned finish with undertones of fresh-cut thyme.
Crisply sweet-savory. Pecan, pie cherry, brown sugar, oak, a hint of gardenia in aroma and cup. Bittersweet structure with brisk acidity; chewy mouthfeel. Pecan tones prevail in the crisply sweet finish.
Crisply sweet, nut-toned. Cashew butter, baking chocolate, magnolia, pear, cedar in aroma and cup. Sweetly brisk structure; satiny mouthfeel. The finish consolidates to notes of cashew and cedar.
Complex, uniquely composed, tropical. Ginger blossom, cocoa nib, lychee, sandalwood, wild honey in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart structure with bright, juicy acidity; syrupy-smooth mouthfeel. The finish carries through on the promise of the cup, with rich fruit notes in the short and deep florals in the long.
Richly floral-toned, deeply sweet. Narcissus, Meyer lemon zest, cocoa nib, marjoram, maple syrup in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned structure with juicy, bright acidity; syrupy-smooth mouthfeel. Balanced floral, citrusy finish.
Bright with spice-toned florals. Star jasmine, cocoa nib, grapefruit zest, agave syrup, cedar in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with bright, juicy acidity; full,
Richly sweet, deeply savory. Wisteria, red currant, lime zest, tamarind, sandalwood in aroma and cup. Balanced structure with lively acidity; plush, syrupy-smooth mouthfeel. The bright finish leads with wisteria and red currant in the short; lime grapefruit zest and sandalwood carry the long.
Gently sweet-tart, cocoa-toned. Cocoa nib, orange, narcissus, mango, cedar in aroma and cup. Intricately sweet, bright, with brisk acidity; full, syrupy mouthfeel. The quietly sweet finish consolidates to cocoa-toned mango and cedar.
Rich, intensely sweet, floral-toned. Lilac, tangerine, cocoa nib, apricot, myrrh in aroma and cup. Lively, sweet-tart structure with bright acidity; plush, syrupy-smooth mouthfeel. The resonant finish centers around juicy citrus and lilac tones, grounded by cocoa nib.
Evaluated as espresso. Aromatic orchid, dark chocolate, black cherry, gently scorched sandalwood, tarragon in aroma and small cup. Creamy-smooth mouthfeel; resonant, complex, long finish. In three parts milk, floral and fruit tones harmonize with dark chocolate for a particularly complex cappuccino.
Richly fruit-toned, complex. Dried mango, cocoa nib, cascara (coffee cherry tea), lilac, cedar in aroma and cup. Bittersweet structure with winy acidity; satiny-smooth mouthfeel. Fruit-driven finish with a bittersweet undercurrent that lends complexity.
Deep-toned, sweetly savory. Ripe tomato, baking chocolate, black currant, fresh-cut oak, lemon verbena in aroma and cup. Sweet-savory structure with crisp acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel. A quiet finish centers around notes of baking chocolate and aromatic oak.
Sweetly herbaceous, citrus-toned. Thyme, lemon balm, cocoa nib, freesia-like flowers, maple syrup in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with balanced acidity; satiny-smooth mouthfeel. The finish leads with sweet herb notes supported by cocoa nib.
Tropical, floral, and fruit-toned. Star jasmine, lychee, dark chocolate, cashew butter, sandalwood in aroma and cup. High-toned structure with vibrant acidity; very full, satiny mouthfeel. Fruit-toned finish with undertones of cashew and sandalwood.
Delicately sweet-tart. Berry melange, pink peppercorn, honeysuckle, baker’s chocolate, lemon verbena in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart structure with crisp acidity; satiny-smooth mouthfeel. The herb-toned finish leads with notes of lemon verbena
Balanced; richly bittersweet. Tangerine zest, cocoa nib, date, magnolia, cedar in aroma and cup. Delicately sweet structure with gentle acidity; smooth, silky mouthfeel. Cocoa- and citrus-toned finish.
Sweet-toned, crisply chocolaty. Baking chocolate, raisin, carnation, Brazil nut, fir in aroma and cup. Sweet structure with brisk acidity; velvety mouthfeel. Gently drying wood-framed finish with hints of carnation and Brazil nut.
Evaluated as espresso. Delicately bright, subtly intricate. Meyer lemon zest, narcissus, mango, dark chocolate, fresh-cut fir in aroma and small cup. Gently fruit-
Richly sweet, floral-toned. Freesia-like flowers, orange zest, hazelnut, caramel, cedar in aroma and cup. Sweet structure with gentle, round acidity; full, syrupy-smooth mouthfeel. Crisp floral- and nut-toned finish.
Delicate, nuanced, richly complex. Ginger blossom, pluot, cocoa nib, marjoram, amber in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned structure with balanced acidity; very full, syrupy mouthfeel. Integrated, harmonious, flavor-saturated finish.
Lively, balanced, elegantly sweet-tart. Lime blossom, lychee, blood orange, cocoa nib, honey in aroma and cup. Gently bright structure with vibrant acidity; silky-smooth mouthfeel. Resonant, long, rich-toned finish.
Bright, juicy, citrusy. Star Jasmine, tangerine zest, cocoa nib, almond, hint of spearmint in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with nimble acidity; very smooth, satiny mouthfeel. Floral-toned finish supported by notes of tangerine zest and almond.
Crisply fruit-forward, sweetly tart. Goji berry, cinnamon, carnation, dark chocolate, hazelnut in aroma and cup. Deeply sweet structure with crisp acidity; plush, satiny mouthfeel. Gently fruity finish centered around notes of dark chocolate and goji berry.
Deep-toned, complex. Bing cherry, cocoa nib, butterscotch, rhododendron, cedar in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with juicy, bright acidity; very smooth, syrupy mouthfeel. Resonant, nuanced, long finish.
Floral-toned, delicately complex. Lilac, amber, apricot, caramel, a hint of thyme in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart structure with bright acidity; silky, viscous mouthfeel. The finish consolidates to notes of amber and caramel, supported by sweet thyme.
Richly fruit-forward, deeply sweet-savory. Dried mango, saltwater taffy, hop flowers, agave syrup, oak in aroma and cup. Bittersweet structure with brisk acidity; satiny-smooth mouthfeel. The resonant finish centers around notes of mango and hop flowers supported by oak.
Sweetly savory, rich and deep. Dark chocolate, violet, black cherry, molasses, cedar in aroma and cup. Crisply sweet with juicy acidity; very syrupy mouthfeel. Black cherry and violet, with undertones of cedar, resonate in the finish.
Sweetly fermenty, complex. Grappa barrel, goji berry, pipe tobacco, gardenia, pink grapefruit zest in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned with fruit-driven acidity; creamy mouthfeel. The finish centers on notes of grappa barrel and pipe tobacco.
Deeply sweet-savory, yet bright and juicy. Dark chocolate, hop flowers, apricot, marjoram, cedar in aroma and cup. Sweetly savory structure with vibrant acidity; crisp, lightly satiny mouthfeel. The long, lingering finish retains its flavor-saturated, engaging structure throughout.
Crisply sweet-savory. Baking chocolate, raspberry, cedar, shiitake mushroom, hazelnut in aroma and cup. Sweetly savory structure with brisk acidity; velvety mouthfeel. The finish consolidates to notes of baking chocolate and cedar.
Rich-toned, crisply sweet. Apricot, honeysuckle, cocoa nib, fresh-cut oak, maple syrup in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with bright, juicy acidity; lightly satiny mouthfeel. Cocoa-driven finish with undertones of maple syrup.
Fruit-forward, richly sweet-tart. Blackberry jam, brown sugar, cocoa nib, fresh-cut oak, jasmine in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned structure with lively acidity; crisp, satiny mouthfeel. Fruit-toned finish with undertones of brown sugar and oak.
Bright, balanced, floral-driven. Ginger blossom, red plum, cocoa nib, tangerine zest, fresh-cut oak in aroma and cup. Juicy-sweet structure with lively acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel. Cocoa-toned finish with undertones of tangerine zest.
Deeply sweet, slightly fermenty. Dark chocolate, orange zest, whiskey barrel, almond butter, magnolia in aroma and cup. Bittersweet structure with round acidity; viscous, buoyant mouthfeel. Long, flavor-saturated, balanced finish.
Deep-toned, sweetly savory. Concord grape, hop flowers, grapefruit
Floral-toned, gently spicy. Freesia-like flowers, cocoa nib, orange zest, candied walnut, fresh-cut fir in aroma and cup. Crisply sweet finish with brisk acidity; lightly satiny mouthfeel. Crisp, bittersweet finish with notes of freesia and candied walnut.
Crisply sweet, fruit-toned. Date, baking chocolate, cashew, orange zest, cedar in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned structure with brisk acidity; satiny-smooth mouthfeel. Nut- and cocoa-toned finish.
Richly spice-toned, fruit-driven. Dried papaya, salted caramel, cinnamon, nutmeg, agave syrup in aroma and cup. Sweet, low-toned structure with round acidity; syrupy-smooth mouthfeel. The quiet finish centers around notes of papaya, caramel and nutmeg.
Evaluated as espresso. High-toned, complex. Dark chocolate, dried apricot, jasmine, cedar, hazelnut butter in aroma and small cup. Very syrupy mouthfeel; crisply fruit-toned finish. In three parts milk, chocolate notes are amplified, as are flowers.
Evaluated as espresso. Sweetly tart, balanced. Dark chocolate, pomegranate, lemon verbena, narcissus, parsley in aroma and small cup. Syrupy-smooth mouthfeel; sweetly herbaceous finish with undertones of dark chocolate. In cappuccino-scaled milk, chocolate and pomegranate notes harmonize far into the long finish.
Evaluated as espresso. Crisply chocolaty, citrus-toned. Baking chocolate, grapefruit zest, marjoram, almond, cedar in aroma and small cup. Velvety mouthfeel; chocolaty-tart finish. Chocolate richly dominates in three parts milk.
Crisply sweet, floral-toned. Jasmine, cocoa nib, apricot, oak, thyme in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned structure with bright acidity. Silky-smooth mouthfeel. The finish consolidates to notes of cocoa-toned jasmine.
Bold, chocolaty, rich-toned. Dark chocolate, nougat, gardenia, date, gently scorched cedar in aroma and cup. Sweet-savory structure with gentle, round acidity; creamy-smooth mouthfeel. Sweetly wood-framed, chocolaty finish.
Evaluated as espresso. Richly chocolaty, sweetly nut-toned. Dark chocolate, almond butter, narcissus, gently scorched cedar, date in aroma and small cup. Full, syrupy-smooth mouthfeel; crisply sweet, chocolate- and nut-toned finish. In three parts milk, chocolate notes predominate, with undertones of gently scorched cedar and narcissus.
Evaluated as espresso. Deeply sweet, crisply chocolaty. Bing cherry, dark chocolate, magnolia, oak, cashew in aroma and small cup. Satiny mouthfeel; oak and cashew lead in the gently drying finish. Chocolate and bing cherry notes intensify in three parts milk.
Richly fruity, balanced, complex. Mango, lemon verbena, cocoa nib, freesia-like flowers, sandalwood in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart with vibrant, high-toned acidity; full, syrupy mouthfeel. Fruit- and cocoa-toned finish. 
Crisply fruit-forward, sweetly nut-toned. Raspberry jam, hazelnut brittle, dark chocolate, lilac, cedar in aroma and cup. Brightly sweet structure with juicy acidity; plush, creamy mouthfeel. The resonant finish consolidates to notes of hazelnut brittle and cedar.
Crisply sweet, nut-toned. Almond, cocoa powder, orange zest, magnolia, date in aroma and cup. Sweet in structure with round acidity; lightly satiny mouthfeel. Nut-toned finish with hints of orange zest and date.
Deeply sweet-savory. Watermelon candy (Jolly Rancher), chocolate fudge, oregano, cedar, hint of teriyaki sauce in aroma and cup. Savory-leaning structure with brisk acidity; lightly satiny mouthfeel. Salty, chocolaty finish.
Richly nut-toned. Cashew butter, baking chocolate, orange zest, pear, fresh-cut fir in aroma and cup. Sweet structure with gentle acidity; velvety mouthfeel. Nut-toned finish supported by hints of orange zest.
Intensely sweet-savory. Pineapple, blueberry, ripe tomato, baking chocolate, sandalwood in aroma and cup. Savory-sweet structure with high-toned acidity; crisp, smooth mouthfeel. Sandalwood-framed finish with hints of fruit and chocolate underneath.
Cleanly fruit-forward. Date, pink grapefruit zest, fresh-cut oak, hazelnut, magnolia in aroma and cup. Sweet structure with crisp acidity; buttery-smooth mouthfeel. The finish consolidates to pink grapefruit zest and hazelnut.
Rich, deep-toned, complex. Toffee, pomegranate, tangerine zest, a hint of gardenia, cedar in aroma and cup. High-toned structure with juicy acidity; vibrant, plush mouthfeel. Long, lingering, harmonious finish.
Provocatively sweet, richly floral, musky. Aromatic orchid, cocoa nib, finger lime, fine musk, toffee in aroma and cup. Elegantly tart in structure with bright, juicy acidity; crisp yet syrupy mouthfeel. Very long, flavor-laden finish.
Deep-toned, richly sweet. Dark chocolate, hazelnut butter, golden raisin, carnation, cedar in aroma and cup. Balanced structure with gentle acidity; very full, syrupy mouthfeel. Sweetly nut-toned finish with gently spicy aromatic wood suggestions.
Richly fruit-toned, balanced. Raspberry, pink peppercorn, star jasmine, cocoa nib, lemon-thyme in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart structure with vibrant acidity; creamy-smooth mouthfeel. The sweetly herb-toned finish leads with notes of raspberry and cocoa nib.
Evaluated as espresso. Concentrated, sweet-tart-savory. Candycap mushroom, mulberry, sandalwood, almond nougat, ginger blossom in aroma and small cup. Creamy-viscous mouthfeel; intensely sweet-tart finish. In three parts milk, tart fruit and umami notes mingle with nut-toned caramel.
Richly sweet-savory. Dried nectarine, dark chocolate, sassafras, narcissus, sandalwood in aroma and cup. Bright, lively acidity; very full, syrupy mouthfeel. The resonant finish centers around cocoa-toned peach notes.
Bright, citrusy. Lime zest, cocoa nib, lychee, marjoram, freesia-like flowers in aroma and cup. Lively structure with crisp acidity; satiny, viscous mouthfeel. The finish consolidates to notes of lime zest and marjoram.
Cocoa-toned, gently bright. Cocoa powder, cashew, date, magnolia, fresh-cut fir in aroma and cup. Sweet structure with delicately bright acidity; velvety-smooth mouthfeel. Nut-toned, crisply chocolaty finish.
Gently fruit-toned, lyrically sweet. Nectarine, cherry blossom, almond butter, oregano, honey in aroma and cup. Richly sweet with high-toned acidity; full, syrupy mouthfeel. Integrated finish that retains all the notes from the aroma and cup.
Multi-layered, wide-ranging. Salted caramel, tangerine, lemon-thyme, cedar, magnolia in aroma and cup. Sweet structure with high-toned acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel. Resonant finish centers around notes of tangerine and caramel.
Sweetly tart, fruit-toned. Raspberry, almond, dark chocolate, narcissus, oak in aroma and cup. Sweet structure with brisk acidity; very full, syrupy mouthfeel. Chocolaty finish with undertones of crisply sweet almond.
Richly sweet, delicately fermenty. Dried nectarine, dark chocolate, Cointreau, pink peppercorn, lilac in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart structure with winy acidity. Plush, syrupy mouthfeel. Quietly fermenty finish with notes of dark chocolate and Cointreau.
Crisp, balanced, richly sweet. Dried blackberry, agave syrup, hop flowers, almond nougat, cocoa nib in aroma and cup. Sweet-savory structure with lively acidity; full, satiny mouthfeel. Notes of agave syrup and blackberry lead in the finish, with support from inviting bittersweet, hop-like florals.
High-toned, floral-driven. Star jasmine, bergamot, red plum, cocoa nib, sandalwood in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart with vibrant, juicy acidity; delicate, silky-smooth mouthfeel. In the finish, star jasmine and cocoa nib give way to bergamot and sandalwood.
Fruit-forward, deeply chocolaty. Lychee, milk chocolate, amber, tangerine zest, marjoram in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned with brisk acidity; buttery mouthfeel. Amber and tangerine zest lead in the quiet finish.
Crisply spice-toned. Nutmeg, clove, baking chocolate, date, fir in aroma
Richly fruit-toned, balanced and multi-layered. Apricot, blueberry, almond, cocoa nib, dried hibiscus in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart with high-toned acidity; viscous, satiny mouthfeel. The concentrated finish consolidates to notes of cocoa-toned apricot and blueberry.
Evaluated as espresso. Richly sweet, floral-toned. Narcissus, fennel, pomegranate, cedar, cocoa nib in aroma and small cup. Crisp, satiny mouthfeel; cocoa-toned finish. In three parts milk, cocoa and floral notes dominate.
Evaluated as espresso. Deep-toned, nutty. Cashew butter, dark caramel, lily, red apple, cedar in aroma and small cup. Velvety mouthfeel; sweetly nut-framed finish with rich cedar undertones. In cappuccino-scaled milk, nut and dark caramel notes are amplified into the long.
Sweetly spice-toned, gently fermenty. Dark chocolate, fennel, raspberry jam, whiskey barrel, lemon balm in aroma and cup. Brightly sweet with juicy acidity; plush, creamy mouthfeel. The resonant finish centers around notes of whiskey-toned raspberry and oak.
Richly sweet-savory, deep-toned. Cocoa nib, ripe tomato, lemon verbena, star jasmine, cedar in aroma and cup. Savory-leaning structure with balanced, lively acidity; very full, syrupy mouthfeel. Crisply cocoa-toned finish supported by sweet herb notes.
Chocolaty, richly sweet. Chocolate fudge, blackberry coulis, sage, singed cedar, magnolia in aroma and cup. Sweet in structure with gentle, round acidity; lush, syrupy-smooth mouthfeel. The crisp finish consolidates to notes of dark chocolate and singed cedar with undertones of magnolia.
Rich, deep, caramelly. Dark caramel, hazelnut butter, lilac, fresh-cut oak, marjoram in aroma and cup. Very sweet with brisk acidity; plush, satiny mouthfeel. Caramel- and nut-toned finish with lilac resurfacing in the long.
Balanced, integrated, richly sweet. Fig Newton, baking spices, cocoa nib, roasted cashew, freesia-like flowers in aroma and cup. Fruit-forward structure with gentle acidity; viscous, syrupy mouthfeel. Nut- and cocoa-driven finish.
Delicate, resonant, crisply sweet. Bing cherry, hazelnut, baking chocolate, brown sugar, magnolia in aroma and cup. Sweet, gently tart structure with crisp, lively acidity; smooth, velvety mouthfeel. The quiet but long finish centers around notes of baking chocolate, cherry and brown sugar.
Brightly sweet, spice-toned. Plum, nutmeg, almond, freesia-like flowers, orange zest in aroma and cup. Sweet structure with pert acidity; lightly satiny mouthfeel. The finish consolidates to notes of freesia and orange zest.
Fruit-centered, crisply chocolaty. Apricot, almond butter, jasmine flower, molasses, fresh-cut fir in aroma and small cup. Sweet structure with gently bright acidity; velvety-smooth mouthfeel. Crisp, chocolaty, nut-toned finish. 
Cocoa-driven, floral. Cocoa powder, gardenia, roasted almond, cedar, date in aroma and cup. Deeply sweet structure with gentle, rounded acidity; plush, satiny mouthfeel. Crisp, cocoa-toned finish with a throughline of spicy florals.
Resonantly sweet-tart, high-toned. Passion fruit, toffee, pink grapefruit zest, jasmine, cedar in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with juicy-bright acidity; very full, syrupy mouthfeel. The long, lingering finish centers around notes of toffee and pink grapefruit zest.
Crisply sweet-toned. Cocoa nib, hazelnut, dried apricot, magnolia, cedar in aroma and cup. Deeply sweet structure with balanced acidity; full, syrupy mouthfeel. Cocoa-driven finish supported by cedar and hazelnut.
Vibrant, deep, complex. Apricot, baking chocolate, hazelnut, lemon verbena, freesia-like flowers in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart structure with juicy acidity; lightly satiny mouthfeel. A cocoa-toned finish is supported by notes of stone fruit and hazelnut.
Richly sweet, chocolaty. Baking chocolate, date, agave syrup, almond butter, magnolia in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned structure with gentle, round acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel. The crisply chocolaty finish is supported by notes of almond and magnolia.
Richly floral-toned, deeply sweet. Jasmine, grapefruit zest, cocoa nib, marjoram, maple syrup in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned structure with juicy, bright acidity; syrupy-smooth mouthfeel. Balanced, floral, citrusy finish.
Brightly sweet, deeply pungent. Amber, red currant, baking chocolate, violet, cedar in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned structure with brisk acidity; crisp, silky mouthfeel. The finish consolidates around amber and currant notes with crisp chocolate undertones.
Spice-toned, sweetly earthy. Dark chocolate, fresh humus, pipe tobacco, pink peppercorn, narcissus in aroma and cup. Vibrantly sweet-savory structure; plush, velvety mouthfeel. Dark chocolate carries the lingering finish.
Sweetly savory, rich-toned. Black cherry, freesia-like flowers, baking chocolate, cashew, oak in aroma and cup. Crisp, savory-leaning in structure with juicy acidity; satiny mouthfeel. The finish consolidates to notes of baking chocolate and cashew. 
Deeply aromatic, richly sweet-tart. Black cherry, honeysuckle, hazelnut butter, baking chocolate, tangerine zest in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart structure with fruit-toned, winy acidity; full, syrupy-smooth mouthfeel. Finish consolidates to notes of hazelnut and baking chocolate with support from black cherry.
Richly sweet, fruit-forward. Dried apricot, cocoa nib, star jasmine, almond, maple syrup in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart structure with bright, juicy acidity; crisp, syrupy mouthfeel. Long, lingering finish that centers on dried apricot and cocoa notes, supported by cedar-like wood.
High-toned, floral. Narcissus, apricot, almond, tangerine zest, sandalwood in aroma and cup. Balanced, sweet structure with bright acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel. The resonant finish centers around narcissus and tangerine zest.
Richly sweet, berry-toned. Strawberry, magnolia, orange zest, dark chocolate, cedar in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with bright, juicy acidity; velvety-smooth mouthfeel. The finish consolidates to notes of strawberry and dark chocolate with cedar undertones.
Evaluated as espresso. Richly chocolaty, sweetly tart. Dark chocolate, pomegranate, narcissus, lemon verbena, cedar in aroma and small cup. Crisp, satiny mouthfeel; chocolaty finish with sweet herb undertones. In three parts milk, chocolate notes are further amplified, supported by cedar and pomegranate tones.
Sweetly fruit-forward, deeply aromatic. Passion fruit, tangerine zest, cocoa nib, lemon verbena, agave syrup in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with vibrant acidity; satiny-smooth mouthfeel. The finish centers around notes of tangerine with cocoa undertones.
Deeply sweet, intense, perfumy. Guava, ripe banana, chocolate fudge, oak, lily in aroma and cup. Juicy-sweet and lactic (yogurty) in structure with pleasingly tart acidity; syrupy-smooth mouthfeel. Crisply sweet finish consolidates to notes of chocolate fudge, lily and oak.
Evaluated as espresso. Sweetly nut-toned, earthy. Almond, caramel, fresh humus, lily, orange zest in aroma and small cup. Satiny mouthfeel; richly sweet, earth-toned finish. In three parts milk, caramel and nut-driven.
Rich, deep, sweetly earth-toned. Pipe tobacco, baking chocolate, date, pistachio, jasmine in aroma and cup. Sweet structure with pert acidity; full, creamy mouthfeel. Pipe tobacco and cashew complicate the chocolaty finish.
A friendly, accessible natural-processed Ethiopia cup: crisply sweet, deeply chocolaty, with hints of spicy florals throughout.
Rich-toned, deeply floral. Wisteria, cocoa nib, apricot, maple syrup, pink grapefruit zest in aroma and cup. Balanced, sweet structure with juicy but elegant acidity; plush, satiny mouthfeel. The finish is all flowers supported by deep cocoa notes.
Richly sweet-savory. Mulberry, lemon verbena, dark chocolate, pink grapefruit zest, magnolia in aroma and cup. Crisply sweet structure with vibrant, balanced acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel. Chocolaty finish with undertones of magnolia and pink grapefruit zest.
Delicately sweet-tart, fruit-forward. Dried apricot, cocoa nib, turmeric, sticky rice, lemon balm in aroma and cup. Tart-leaning structure with juicy, bright acidity; full, satiny-smooth mouthfeel. The resonant finish consolidates to notes of dried apricot and turmeric.
Balanced, chocolaty, nut-toned. Baking chocolate, hazelnut butter, date, orange zest, cedar in aroma and cup. Sweet in structure with bright acidity; crisp, velvety mouthfeel. The nut-toned finish is long and very sweet.
 Intensely aromatic; chocolaty and fruit-toned. Dark chocolate, framboise, molasses, sandalwood, gardenia in aroma and cup. Richly sweet structure with winy acidity; very full, satiny mouthfeel. The finish leads with notes of dark chocolate and framboise, quieting to sandalwood-toned molasses in the long.
Richly spice-toned, fruit-forward. Goji berry, amber, dried ginger, cashew, freesia-like flowers in aroma and cup. Sweet in structure with high-toned acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel. The flavor-saturated finish consolidates to notes of goji berry and amber.
Crisply sweet, cocoa-toned. Cocoa nib, red plum, maple syrup, fresh-cut oak, lemon-thyme in aroma and cup. Sweet structure with bright, juicy acidity; smooth, satiny mouthfeel. Finish consolidates to notes of maple syrup and cocoa nib.
Evaluated as espresso. Pistachio, tea rose, baking chocolate, fresh-cut fir, dried plum in aroma and small cup. Crisp, satiny mouthfeel; sweetly nut-toned, chocolaty finish. In three parts milk, both chocolate and nut tones are amplified, while spice-toned florals persist.
Evaluated as espresso. Fruit-forward, chocolaty. Dark chocolate, black cherry, lily, molasses, cedar in aroma and small cup. Very syrupy mouthfeel; crisp, chocolaty finish. In three parts milk, dark chocolate notes take center stage, supported by notes of black cherry and lily.
Evaluated as espresso. Chocolaty, gently bittersweet. Pomegranate, baking chocolate, black walnut, clove, fresh-cut fir in aroma and small cup. Delicate, smooth mouthfeel; chocolaty, nut-toned finish. In three parts milk, crisp chocolate is amplified and nut tones deepen. 
Deep-toned, richly sweet-savory. Pomegranate, toffee, shiitake mushroom, dark chocolate, marjoram in aroma and cup. Sweetly savory structure with balanced, bright acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel. The resonant finish consolidates to notes of pomegranate and dark chocolate with a hint of shiitake mushroom.
Vibrantly sweet, richly savory. Toffee, black currant, sandalwood, pink grapefruit zest, gardenia in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned with brisk acidity; full, syrupy- smooth mouthfeel. The finish is evocative of toffee and sandalwood with undertones of pink grapefruit zest.
Gently sweet-tart, citrus-toned. Cocoa nib, tangerine, lilac, mango, cedar in aroma and cup. Richly sweet structure with brisk acidity; full, syrupy mouthfeel. The quietly tart finish consolidates to cocoa-toned mango and cedar.
Deep-toned, richly sweet. Dark chocolate, toffee, dried persimmon, hazelnut, cedar in aroma and cup. Sweet structure with gentle acidity; full, syrupy smooth mouthfeel. Chocolaty finish with undertones of rich cedar.
Richly fruit-saturated, balanced, juicy. Black cherry, Bourbon barrel, cocoa nib, wisteria, candycap mushroom in aroma and small cup. Deep, sweet-savory structure with high-toned, malic acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel. Resonant, long, flavor-laden finish that fulfills the promise of the cup.
Ultra-high-toned, fruit-driven, richly floral. Wisteria, dried nectarine, pistachio brittle, calamansi lime, tarragon in aroma and cup. Deeply sweet structure with resoundingly bright, lively acidity; delicately silky, viscous mouthfeel. Long, floral-toned finish supported by bittersweet citrus.
Richly sweet-savory, complex, layered. Dark chocolate, lilac, candycap mushroom, cedar, black cherry in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart structure with bright, juicy acidity; very full, creamy mouthfeel. The resonant finish consolidates to notes of cocoa-toned lilac and black cherry.
Richly sweet, deeply layered. Lychee, tangerine zest, mesquite, star jasmine, agave syrup in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with vibrantly bright acidity; very full, syrupy mouthfeel. The finish consolidates to notes of agave syrup and mesquite.
Complex, high-toned, resiny. Malt, amber, pomelo, baking chocolate, date in aroma and cup. Brightly bittersweet structure with juicy acidity; plush, satiny mouthfeel. Perfumed finish with leading notes of amber and pomelo.
Balanced, delicately fruit-toned. Dried apricot, caramel, coriander, oak, milk chocolate in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned structure with gently brisk acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel. The finish centers around notes of caramel-toned apricot with chocolate undertones.
Richly floral, crisply spice-toned. Bergamot, ginger blossom, cocoa nib, sandalwood, cashew butter in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart structure with bright, lovely acidity; viscous, silky mouthfeel. Resonant, long, flavor-saturated finish.
Crisply sweet-tart, cocoa-toned. Cocoa nib, pomegranate, freesia, almond butter, orange zest in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with brisk acidity; lightly satiny mouthfeel. Cocoa-and nut-toned finish with undertones of orange zest.
Chocolaty, crisply sweet. Baking chocolate, date, hazelnut, magnolia, a hint of marjoram in aroma and cup. Sweet structure with gentle, round acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel. Crisp, chocolaty finish.
Roast-rounded, chocolaty, fruit-forward. Scorched cedar, Nutella, molasses, dried plum, magnolia in aroma and cup. Sweet structure with very gentle acidity; plush, creamy mouthfeel. The finish consolidates around Nutella and magnolia with a hint of smoke. 
Lushly floral-toned, chocolaty. Dark chocolate, wisteria, fine musk, dried lychee, pistachio in aroma and cup. Juicy, sweet-savory structure with floral acidity; big, syrupy mouthfeel with pleasingly tannic texture. Finish consolidates to notes of musky tropical fruit, delicate and perfumy, with crisp pistachio undertones.
Crisply sweet, bright and balanced. Cocoa nib, cherry, brown sugar, lemon thyme, magnolia in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart with brisk acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel. Cocoa-toned finish with notes of brown sugar and magnolia.
Spice-toned, complex, deep. Baking spices, dates, blood orange, cedar, brown sugar in aroma and cup. Sweet structure with bright, lively acidity; crisp, creamy mouthfeel. Long, resonant, lingering, integrated finish.
Evaluated as espresso. Chocolaty and fruit-toned. Goji berry, dark chocolate, thyme, cedar, gardenia in aroma and small cup. Crisp, satiny mouthfeel; sweetly tart, chocolaty finish. In three parts milk, chocolate and fruit notes drive the profile, which remains richly sweet into the long finish.
Evaluated as espresso. Chocolaty and nut-toned. Baking chocolate, cashew, date, cedar, marjoram in aroma and small cup. Creamy mouthfeel; crisp finish with undertones of fresh-cut fir. In three parts milk, chocolate and sweet nut pleasingly dominate.
Spice-toned, floral. Lavender, almond, apricot, fresh-cut fir, brown sugar in aroma and cup. Crisply sweet structure with brisk acidity; velvety mouthfeel. Wood-framed finish with undertones of lavender and almond.
Delicately aromatic, complex, citrusy. Bergamot, candied violet, cocoa nib, honeysuckle, pineapple taffy in aroma and cup. Richly bittersweet structure with bright acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel. Resonant, long, flavor-laden finish that carries through on the promise of the cup.
Deeply aromatic, richly nuanced. Dried mulberry, dark chocolate, hazelnut brittle, wisteria, Meyer lemon zest in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with bright, juicy acidity; syrupy-smooth mouthfeel. Cocoa- and floral-toned finish with undertones of hazelnut and Meyer lemon zest.
Vibrantly sweet, gently fermenty. Lime zest, tea rose, cocoa nib, sandalwood, a hint of aged Tequila in aroma and cup. Brightly sweet with high-toned acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel. In the finish crisp cocoa nib balances the fruit. 
Juicy, bright, delicate, balanced. Apricot, dark chocolate, lilac, maple syrup, almond butter in aroma and cup. Crisply sweet-tart with crisp, citrusy acidity; vibrantly silky mouthfeel. Chocolaty, fruit-toned finish with hints of lilac.
Richly fruit-forward, deeply chocolaty. Dried mango, chocolate fudge, wisteria, cedar, pistachio in aroma and cup in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart structure with winy acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel. The rich-toned finish consolidates to notes of dried mango, chocolate fudge and cedar.
Complex, richly sweet-tart. Nectarine, Meyer lemon zest, cocoa nib, nougat, lilac in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with juicy, balanced acidity; delicate, satiny-smooth mouthfeel. The finish consolidates to notes of cocoa nib and Meyer lemon.
Aromatically intense, richly sweet-savory. Dried plum, baking chocolate, candycap mushroom, lemon-thyme, bergamot in aroma and cup. Deep, umami-rich structure with balanced, vibrant acidity; full, syrupy mouthfeel. The finish centers around notes of crisp chocolate and lemon thyme.
Nuanced, multi-layered, complex. Red currant, honeysuckle, pomegranate, cocoa nib, cedar in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with bright, vibrant acidity; plush, syrupy-smooth mouthfeel. The flavor-saturated finish consolidates to notes of red currant and cocoa nib, with undertones of cedar.
Deeply sweet, fruit-forward. Raspberry coulis, cocoa nib, freesia-like flowers, cedar, caramelized walnut in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart structure with delicate acidity; very full, satiny-smooth mouthfeel. The finish leads with notes of caramelized walnut and cocoa nib with undertones of freesia.
Pungent, sweetly tart, fruity. Sweet-Tarts candy, hazelnut brittle, agave syrup, dried fennel, lily in aroma and cup. Tart-leaning structure with gentle acidity; very full, creamy mouthfeel. Finish consolidates to notes of fennel and hazelnut.
Savory-sweet, deep-toned, juicy. Concord grape, mustard flower, dark chocolate, tangerine zest, cedar in aroma and cup. Savory-leaning structure with cola-like, phosphoric acidity; viscous, satiny mouthfeel. Flavor-saturated finish, long, chocolate-laden, fruity and spice-toned.
Deep, balanced, richly sweet. Pear, almond butter, marjoram, orange zest, cocoa nib in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned structure with citric acidity; crisp, satiny mouthfeel. Notes of orange zest and marjoram complicate a sweetly nut-toned finish.
Resonant, sweetly savory, multi-layered. Bing cherry, black sage, salted caramel, cedar, almond brittle in aroma and cup. Sweet-savory structure with balanced, bright acidity; full, syrupy smooth mouthfeel. Long, lingering, richly aromatic and complex finish.
Elegant, gently fruit-forward. Black cherry, lychee, almond, marjoram, cedar in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart with high-toned acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel. The resonant finish is centered around notes of lychee and almond.
Crisply sweet, balanced. Nectarine, caramelized almonds, freesia-like flowers, baking chocolate, cedar in aroma and cup. Sweet structure with bright, juicy acidity; velvety mouthfeel. Almond and chocolate-toned finish.
Fresh, integrated, deep-toned. Caramelized mango, ginger blossom, cashew butter, lemon-thyme, palo santo in aroma and cup. Sweet structure with gently bright acidity; full, syrupy mouthfeel. The resonant, satisfying finish leads with notes of mango and ginger blossom with undertones of palo santo.
 Citrusy, caramel-toned. Orange zest, dark caramel, golden raisin, lily, hazelnut in aroma and cup. Sweet in structure with brisk acidity; crisp, satiny mouthfeel. The finish consolidates to notes of caramel and orange zest.
Delicately sweet-tart. Lime zest, baking chocolate, Bing cherry, almond, cedar in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart structure with gently bright acidity; full, syrupy-smooth mouthfeel. Citrusy, nut-toned finish with undertones of baking chocolate and cedar.
Richly chocolaty, floral-toned. Chocolate fudge, dried black cherry, roasted almond butter, narcissus, marjoram in aroma and cup. Deeply sweet structure with gentle but harmonious acidity; creamy, viscous mouthfeel. Chocolaty and richly floral finish, long and lingering.
Sweet-toned, gently fermenty. Lime zest, magnolia, cocoa nib, watermelon candy, a hint of aged grappa in aroma and cup. Brightly sweet with high-toned acidity; full, syrupy-smooth mouthfeel. In the short finish, crisp cocoa nib gives weight to watermelon candy notes; lime zest resurfaces in the long. 
Deeply fruit-toned, balanced and deep. Dark chocolate, goji berry, gardenia, hazelnut butter, fresh-cut cedar in aroma and cup. Richly sweet structure with gentle, balanced acidity; crisp, syrupy mouthfeel Resonantly chocolaty finish with undertones of goji berry and hazelnut.
Decadently rich, resonantly chocolaty, floral-toned. Chocolate fudge, salted caramel, gardenia, date, scorched almond in aroma and cup. Vibrantly bittersweet structure with round acidity; lush, creamy mouthfeel. Chocolaty and nut-toned finish with a hint of smokiness.
Deeply sweet-savory. Pipe tobacco, scorched clove, dark chocolate, ripe banana, a hint of freesia-like flowers in aroma and cup. Balanced, bittersweet structure with soft acidity; very full, syrupy-smooth mouthfeel. Savory-leaning finish with notes of pipe tobacco and scorched clove, lifted by a crisp dark chocolate.
Richly chocolaty, sweetly earth-toned. Sandalwood, dried black cherry, freesia-like flowers, marjoram, fresh-turned humus in aroma and cup. Balanced, bittersweet structure with resonant, understated acidity; viscous, satiny mouthfeel. The finish centers around notes of sandalwood and dried black cherry.
Crisply chocolaty, floral-toned. Nectarine, brown sugar, wisteria, baking chocolate, fresh-cut oak in aroma and cup. Complex, bittersweet structure with quiet acidity; very full, syrupy-smooth mouthfeel. Baking chocolate and oak notes characterize the long finish, with pretty hints of wisteria underneath.
 Rich-toned, deeply sweet. Dark chocolate, date, singed cedar, Bing cherry, saltwater taffy. Deepy sweet structure with gentle acidity; viscous, smooth mouthfeel. The finish consolidates to dark chocolate and saltwater taffy.
Balanced, deep, chocolaty. Lavender, red currant, gently scorched cedar, baking chocolate, Meyer lemon zest in aroma and cup. Roundly sweet-tart structure with bright, balanced acidity; crisp, velvety mouthfeel. Almond notes surface in the sweetly roast-toned finish.
Crisply sweet-savory. Dark chocolate, charred mesquite, gardenia, dried persimmon, dark caramel in aroma and cup. Bittersweet structure with barely perceptible acidity; gently drying, chocolaty and wood-framed finish.
Sweetly smoky, crisply chocolaty. Scorched cedar, baking chocolate, lemon-thyme, candy apple, lily in aroma and cup. Bittersweet structure with velvety mouthfeel; the crisp, chocolaty finish is supported by notes of lemon-thyme and lily. 
Earthy, bittersweet. Fresh-cut oak, cocoa powder, fresh leather, sweet pea, lily in aroma and cup. Bittersweet structure with barely perceptible acidity; very full, creamy mouthfeel. Wood-framed finish with hints of dark chocolate and fresh leather.
Rather dry, wood-framed, bittersweet. Scorched fir, cocoa powder, condensed milk, lily, raisin in aroma and cup. Bittersweet structure with rather rough acidity; crisp, satiny mouthfeel. Dry, wood-framed finish with notes of cocoa powder and scorched fir.
Brisk, dry, sweetly vegetal. Green bean, carob, charred balsa, faded gardenia, raw almond in aroma and cup. Flatly bittersweet structure with  inert acidity; dry, rather thin mouthfeel. Wood-framed, sweetly vegetal finish.
Bright, balanced, energetic, tropical. Star jasmine, passion fruit, cocoa nib, bergamot, wild honey in aroma and cup. Richly sweet with elegantly high-toned acidity; buoyantly silky mouthfeel. The long, lingering finish centers around notes of cocoa nib and bergamot with undertones of star jasmine.
Richly sweet-tart, delicately fruit-toned. Wild strawberry, honey, freesia, cedar, marjoram in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart structure with juicy, gently bright acidity; full, satiny-smooth mouthfeel. The resonant finish leads with notes of honey-toned strawberry and marjoram.
Gently sweet-tart, complexly layered. Dried blackberry, honeysuckle, hazelnut butter, cocoa nib, a hint of wine barrel in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart structure with winey acidity; full, syrupy-smooth mouthfeel. Finish consolidates to notes of hazelnut butter and cocoa nib with undertones of blackberry.
Delicate, sweet-toned. Date, baking chocolate, honey, almond, cedar in aroma and cup. Sweet structure with round acidity; plush, satiny mouthfeel. The inviting finish centers around notes of honey and baking chocolate.
Delicate, vibrantly floral, citrusy. Bergamot, wisteria, almond brittle, thyme, cane sugar in aroma and cup. Bright, balanced structure with elegantly juicy acidity; buoyant, silky mouthfeel. Flavor-saturated, very long finish. 
Complex, multi-layered, deeply sweet. Dark chocolate, date, butterscotch, ginger blossom, marjoram in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart structure with high-toned acidity; syrupy mouthfeel. The resonant finish centers around notes of date and dark chocolate.
Complex, multi-layered, gently fruit-forward. Grape taffy, dark chocolate, dark chocolate, almond brittle, orange creamsicle in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned structure with gently bright acidity; silky, viscous mouthfeel. Resonantly chocolaty finish with undertones of almond and orange. 
Floral, chocolate-toned. Dark chocolate, honeysuckle, pistachio, cedar, apricot in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart with juicy, balanced acidity; velvety-smooth mouthfeel. The finish is all about dark chocolate and pistachio.
Delicately fruity, sweetly herbaceous. Lemon-thyme, dried apricot, hazelnut butter, fresh-cut oak, cocoa nib in aroma and cup. Gently tart with wine-toned acidity; full, syrupy mouthfeel. The finish consolidates to notes of cocoa-toned lemon-thyme.
Vibrantly sweet-tart. Dried cranberry, hazelnut, lilac, honey, grapefruit zest in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with lively acidity; crisp, satiny mouthfeel. The finish leads with notes of cranberry and hazelnut.
Confidently fruit-forward, sweetly tart. Pomegranate, cherry blossom, Nutella, cedar, spearmint in aroma and cup. Crisply sweet in structure with gently bright acidity; silky mouthfeel. Nut-toned, chocolaty finish.
Richly chocolaty and fruit-toned. Dark chocolate, red plum, cane sugar, magnolia, fresh-cut fir in aroma and cup. Deeply sweet structure with brisk acidity; viscous, creamy mouthfeel. Chocolaty finish with undertones of magnolia and fir.
Deep, rich, chocolaty. Chocolate fudge, roasted almond, Fig Newton, cedar, gardenia in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned with gentle, round acidity; plush, creamy mouthfeel. Nutty, chocolaty finish.
Deeply sweet-savory, spice-toned. Watermelon, sassafras, clove (and
Bright, balanced, citrusy. Tangerine, almond butter, apple blossom, baking chocolate, cedar in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned structure with high-toned acidity; delicate, satiny mouthfeel. The nut- and citrus-toned finish is supported by crisp baking chocolate.
Sweetly nut-toned. Hazelnut butter, red apple, lemon verbena, cedar, agave syrup in aroma and cup. Sweet structure with gently brisk acidity; very full, satiny mouthfeel. The nut-toned finish is supported by suggestions of lemon verbena and cedar.
Richly aromatic, deep-toned, vibrant. Red currant, toffee, hazelnut, freesia, fresh-cut oak in aroma and cup. Juicy-sweet structure with bright acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel. The resonant finish consolidates to notes of toffee and hazelnut with a hint of freesia.
Sweet-savory, richly aromatic. Dried apricot, young goat cheese, dark chocolate, lemon-thyme, sandalwood in aroma and cup. Savory-leaning structure with sweet-tart acidity; syrupy-smooth mouthfeel. Fruit-toned, chocolaty, tangy finish.
Crisply sweet-savory, berry-toned. Mulberry, pink grapefruit zest, cocoa nib, lemon-thyme, cedar in aroma and cup. Sweet-savory structure with bright, balanced acidity; crisp, silky mouthfeel. The finish leads with notes of mulberry and cocoa nib with undertones of pink grapefruit.
Richly floral-toned, elegant, complex. Star jasmine, tangerine zest, violet candy, cocoa nib, apricot in aroma and cup. Very bright, juicy, delicately sweet-tart structure with high-toned acidity; lush, silky mouthfeel. The long, resonant, lingering finish carries over all the notes from the cup.
Sweetly herbaceous, deeply aromatic, rich-toned. Dark chocolate, tangerine, fresh-cut thyme, dried plum, magnolia in aroma and cup. Sweet-savory structure with balanced, gently vibrant acidity; very smooth, syrupy mouthfeel. Especially long, flavor-saturated finish that carries over all the aroma and flavor notes from the cup.
Fruit-forward, high-toned. POG (pineapple, orange, guava), cocoa nib, freesia, cashew, lemon verbena in aroma and cup. Richly bittersweet structure with bright acidity; silky, very smooth mouthfeel. Crisp fruit-toned finish.
Evaluated as espresso. Deep-toned, chocolaty and rich. Chocolate fudge, black cherry, gardenia, hop flowers, gently scorched cedar in aroma and small cup. Creamy, viscous mouthfeel; chocolaty, aromatic finish with rich cedar notes. Decadently dessert-like in cappuccino-scaled milk with notes of chocolate fudge, black cherry and gardenia, all enveloped in an appealing, very subtle smokiness.
Crisp, balanced, very sweet. Aromatic orchid, apricot, almond, cocoa nib, lemon verbena in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned structure with brisk acidity; very syrupy mouthfeel. Nut- and cocoa-toned finish with undertones of apricot and lemon verbena.
Richly sweet-savory, subtly complex. Bing cherry, cocoa nib, Meyer lemon zest, fresh-cut fir, Nutella in aroma and cup. Balanced, sweetly savory structure with juicy-bright acidity; crisp, velvety mouthfeel. The finish consolidates to notes of crisp citrus and sweet Nutella notes.
Elegantly fruit-toned, juicy and bright. Lychee, cocoa nib, freesia, cedar, almond brittle in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart structure with high-toned acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel. Resonant, long, flavor-saturated finish.
Crisply sweet, very inviting. Salted caramel, pear, grapefruit zest, fresh-cut oak, lily in aroma and cup. Sweet structure with gently bright acidity; very full, satiny mouthfeel. The finish centers around notes of caramel and grapefruit zest.
Balanced, crisply fruit-toned. Black cherry, orange zest, almond, agave syrup, hint of lilac in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned structure with gentle acidity; full, syrupy mouthfeel. Delicately fruit-toned finish with undertones of almond.
Chocolaty, crisply sweet. Bing cherry, baking chocolate, hazelnut, fresh-cut cedar, brown sugar in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart structure with brisk acidity; viscous, satiny mouthfeel. Chocolaty, nut-driven finish.
Tropical fruit-toned, juicy and bright. Lychee, mango, almond butter, osmanthus, oak in aroma and cup. Sweet in structure with winey acidity; crisp, syrupy mouthfeel. Fruit-driven finish supported by notes of almond and oak.
Flavor-saturated, vibrantly aromatic. Pomegranate, clove, date, rosewood, tangerine zest in aroma and cup. Deeply sweet structure with balanced, fruit-toned acidity; satiny-smooth mouthfeel. Complex, sweet-tart finish, balanced and long.
Voluptuous, juicy, unique. Starfruit, cocoa nib, star jasmine, amber, wild strawberry in aroma and cup. High-toned, vibrantly sweet structure with bright, balanced acidity; viscous, syrupy mouthfeel. Resonantly, long, lingering finish, fruity and deep.
Richly sweet-savory, multi-layered. Baking chocolate, goji berry, saltwater taffy, bay leaf, freesia-like flowers in aroma and cup. Balanced, sweet structure with gently brisk acidity; full, satiny-smooth mouthfeel. Chocolaty and berry-driven finish with undertones of saltwater taffy.
Richly floral, resonantly fruit-toned. Apricot blossom, Bing cherry, amber, cocoa nib, black sage in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart structure with gently bright, floral-driven acidity; buoyant, silky mouthfeel. The finish centers around notes of Bing cherry, apricot blossom and amber.
Deeply sweet, fruit-toned, lively. Black cherry, dark chocolate, marshmallow, macadamia nut, pink grapefruit zest in aroma and cup. Sweet structure with bright, juicy acidity; full, creamy-smooth mouthfeel. The cleanly fruit-toned finish is supported by notes of macadamia nut and dark chocolate.
Evaluated as espresso. Juicy, richly sweet-tart. Pomegranate, dark chocolate, amber, almond butter, pomelo in aroma and small cup. Very syrupy mouthfeel; long, lingering, flavor-saturated finish. The tart-leaning structure stands up in cappuccino-scaled milk without sacrificing rich dark chocolate notes.
Deeply sweet-savory. Blackberry, hop flowers, sandalwood, cocoa nib, a hint of lemon verbena in aroma and cup. Sweet-savory structure with gentle, round acidity; full, syrupy mouthfeel. Cocoa-toned sandalwood and blackberry notes characterize the resonant finish.
Juicy sweet, gently fermenty. Raspberry, thyme, dark chocolate, wine barrel in aroma and cup. Rich, sweet structure with buoyant acidity; satiny, viscous mouthfeel. Deeply chocolaty and fruit-toned finish.
Complex, multi-layered, deeply sweet-tart. Lilac, cocoa nib, peach, amber, pistachio in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart structure with bright, juicy acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel. The resonant, flavor-saturated finish leads with notes of lilac and peach, balanced by suggestions of crisp cocoa.
Floral-driven, crisply cocoa-toned. Baking chocolate, magnolia, golden raisin, almond brittle, cedar in aroma and cup. Sweet structure with brisk acidity; syrupy-smooth mouthfeel. Baking chocolate and magnolia carry the finish, with undertones of fresh-cut cedar.
Very chocolaty, rich-toned. Dark chocolate, black cherry, amber, pink grapefruit zest, magnolia in aroma and cup. Crisply bright structure with vibrant acidity; velvety-smooth mouthfeel. The chocolaty finish is pleasingly complicated by notes of black cherry.
Crisply chocolaty, nut-toned. Baking chocolate, pink grapefruit zest, hazelnut brittle, thyme, agave syrup in aroma and cup. Bittersweet structure with brisk acidity; smooth, satiny mouthfeel. Quiet, nut-driven finish with hints of baking chocolate.
Bright, richly sweet-tart, fruit-toned. Pomegranate, dark chocolate, lilac, almond, amber in aroma and small cup. Bright structure with juicy, vibrant acidity; plush, creamy mouthfeel. Sweetly tart finish with leading notes of pomegranate and almond. Crisply chocolaty, floral finish.
Crisply sweet-savory. Date, magnolia, tamarind, cedar, brown sugar in aroma and cup. Richly bittersweet structure with lively acidity; crisp, velvety mouthfeel. Sweetly tart finish leads with tamarind notes, supported by suggestions of rich cedar.
A balanced honey-processed cup that leads with stone fruit and vanilla-like floral notes — sweet, tart, and especially aromatic.
Delicately fruit-forward, crisply chocolaty. Date, baking chocolate, hazelnut, tangerine zest, cane sugar in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned structure with gentle, round acidity, plush, syrupy-smooth mouthfeel. Understated, balance, nut- and chocolate-toned finish. 
Fruit-toned, deeply floral. Raspberry, wisteria, honey, pink peppercorn, dark chocolate in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart structure with crisp, juicy acidity; full, satiny-smooth mouthfeel. The finish is driven by notes of raspberry and dark chocolate.
Lyrically sweet, stunningly deep, engagingly complex. Dried black cherry, black sage, wild honey sandalwood, honeysuckle in aroma and cup. Juicy-bright structure with malic (green-apple-like) acidity; luscious, satiny mouthfeel. Integrated, multi-layered, flavor-saturated finish.
Richly sweet, deeply savory. Fig, dark chocolate, magnolia, cashew butter, a hint of grappa barrel in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned structure with juicy acidity; full, syrupy-smooth mouthfeel. The finish centers around notes of dark chocolate and cashew butter with undertones of dried fig.
Crisply sweet, deep-toned. Banana, cream, hazelnut, freesia, golden raisin in aroma and cup. Bittersweet structure with brisk acidity; crisp, syrupy mouthfeel. Complex, resonant, flavor-saturated finish.
Soft, balanced, vibrant. Cocoa nib, tea rose, cream, bay leaf, dried apple in aroma and cup. Sweet structure with gentle acidity; buttery mouthfeel. The subtly nuanced finish leads with notes of cocoa nib and bay leaf with dried apple undertones.
Gently tart, sweetly herbaceous. Jasmine, sassafras, tangerine, baking chocolate, agave syrup in aroma and cup. High-toned structure with sweetly bright acidity; silky, buoyant mouthfeel. The quiet finish consolidates to notes of tangerine and jasmine.
Caramel apple, chrysanthemum, lemon verbena, cedar, almond butter in aroma and cup. Sweetly bright structure with delicately juicy acidity; gently buoyant mouthfeel. The roundly sweet finish leads with notes of caramel apple and chrysanthemum.
Sweetly and deeply bright. Dried cherry, dark chocolate, magnolia, cedar, marjoram in aroma and cup. Sweetly savory structure with delicate, deep-toned acidity; silky-smooth mouthfeel. Simple, clean finish, chocolaty and sweet.
Hazelnut, vanilla, freesia, cocoa powder, plum in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned with balanced, backgrounded acidity; delicate, lively mouthfeel. Straightforward, richly nut-toned, crisply chocolaty finish.
Crisp, sweet, delicately cocoa-toned. Blood orange, cocoa, macadamia nut, honeysuckle, grape in aroma and cup. Deep and rather bittersweet in structure, with low-toned but vibrant acidity. Lightly syrupy, deeply satiny mouthfeel. Dries out a bit in the finish, but a cocoa-toned sweetness lasts.  
Richly fruit-toned. Date, honey, hazelnut butter, magnolia, hint of whiskey barrel in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned structure with brisk acidity; full, buttery mouthfeel. Long, resonant, balanced finish centered around notes of date, magnolia and hazelnut. 
Richly aromatic, deeply floral toned. Star jasmine, cocoa nib, dragonfruit, lychee, sandalwood in aroma and cup. Richly sweet with delicately bright acidity; full, satiny-smooth mouthfeel. Crisply sweet finish consolidates to notes of cocoa nib and sandalwood with undertones of star jasmine. 
Gently fruit-forward, elegantly floral. Wild raspberry, cocoa nib, star jasmine, cashew butter, cedar in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned structure with delicately juicy acidity; very full, satiny mouthfeel. The finish consolidates to notes of cocoa-toned raspberry.
Richly fruit and spice-toned. Dried elderberry, clove, agave syrup, marjoram, sandalwood in aroma and cup. Sweet-savory structure with vibrant acidity; syrupy-smooth mouthfeel. The resonant finish leads with notes of elderberry and sandalwood.
Complex, nuanced, high-toned. Wild raspberry, honeysuckle, cocoa nib, tangerine zest, honey in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart with juicy-bright acidity; full, satiny-smooth mouthfeel. The inviting finish leads with notes of cocoa nib and honey.
Spice-toned, deeply chocolaty. Dark chocolate, baking spices, cashew butter, lily, molasses in aroma and cup. Crisply sweet with gentle, round acidity; plush, creamy mouthfeel. Quiet, nutty finish supported by notes of baking spices.
Crisply chocolaty, richly nut-toned. Baking chocolate, almond butter, plum, cedar, maple syrup in aroma and cup. Sweet structure with juicy acidity; velvety mouthfeel. The flavorful finish leads with notes of baking chocolate and almond with hints of plum.
Bright, deep-toned. Bing cherry, almond nougat, lemon verbena, cane sugar, cedar in aroma and cup. Sweet structure with gentle, smooth acidity; very full satiny mouthfeel. The crisp finish centers around notes of almond nougat and lemon verbena.
Richly sweet, delicately spice-toned. Baking chocolate, date, brown sugar, nutmeg, fresh-cut oak in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned structure with brisk acidity; smooth, silky mouthfeel. The finish consolidates to notes of baking chocolate and nutmeg.
Fruit-toned, delicately floral. Magnolia, plum, almond, cedar, cane sugar in aroma and cup. Crisply sweet structure with brisk acidity; silky mouthfeel. Wood-framed finish with undertones of almond and cane sugar.
Gently sweet-tart. Pomegranate, orange zest, agave syrup, fir, lily in aroma and cup. Tart structure with brisk acidity; velvety mouthfeel. Gently drying, wood-framed finish.
Evaluated as espresso. Sweet, richly nut-toned. Almond brittle, freesia, dried apple, cedar, lemon zest in aroma and small cup. Crisp, satiny mouthfeel; gently drying, wood-framed finish. In three parts milk, nut tones are amplified, supported by a hint of freesia-like flowers.
Evaluated as espresso. Richly sweet-tart. Bing cherry, dark chocolate, fir, almond, gardenia in aroma and small cup. Crisp, velvety mouthfeel; chocolaty, wood-toned finish. Notes of dark chocolate and gardenia lead in cappuccino-scaled milk.
Complex, multi-layered, richly aromatic. Blood orange, wisteria, black sage, dried apricot, caramelized walnut in aroma and cup. Sweetly bright structure with vibrant, balanced acidity; lively, silky-smooth mouthfeel. The resonant finish centers around notes of dried apricot and black sage.
Aromatically exhilarating, deeply sweet-savory. Concord grape, hop flowers, pineapple saltwater taffy, cashew brittle, black sage in aroma and cup. Savory-leaning structure with winey acidity; full, syrupy mouthfeel. Crisp, bittersweet finish.
Gently sweet-tart, fruit-toned. Dried plum, cocoa nib, fresh-cut oak, lemon verbena, freesia-like flowers in aroma and cup. Delicately tart structure with brisk acidity; crisp, satiny mouthfeel. Cocoa and cedar notes lead the quiet finish.
Crisply chocolaty, deeply sweet. Baking chocolate, cashew, caramel, fresh-cut fir, oregano in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned structure with gentle, round acidity; full, syrupy mouthfeel. Gently drying finish with notes of crisp chocolate and cashew.
Deeply fruity, richly chocolaty. Grape candy, chocolate fudge, magnolia, walnut butter, agave syrup in aroma and cup. Crisply sweet-taert structure with brisk acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel. Quietly fruit-toned, chocolaty finish.
Spice-toned, balanced, crisply sweet. Baking spices, caramel, lily, almond, orange zest in aroma and cup. Crisp, sweet structure with bright acidity; smooth, satiny mouthfeel. Almond notes lead in the finish, supported by caramel and orange zest.
Nuanced, richly sweet, delicately tart. Pineapple, sage, cocoa nib, wild honey, lilac in aroma and cup. Balanced, bright structure with lively, phosphoric acidity; viscous, silky mouthfeel. The finish is long, harmoniously integrated, flavor-laden.
Rich-toned, chocolaty, balanced. Dark chocolate, hazelnut butter, blackberry, yuzu, fresh-cut oak in aroma and cup. Deeply sweet structure with gentle, round acidity; plush, satiny-smooth mouthfeel. Particularly rich, complex finish, chocolaty and long.
Evaluated as espresso. Sweetly tart, juicy, bright. Green apple, sandalwood, dark chocolate, almond brittle, pink grapefruit zest in aroma and small cup. Syrupy, viscous mouthfeel; crisply fruit-toned finish. Elegant and deep in three parts milk, with fruit, dark chocolate and aromatic wood in harmony.
Richly sweet, deeply savory. Lilac, black currant, lime zest, tamarind, cedar in aroma and cup. Balanced structure with lively acidity; plush, syrupy-smooth mouthfeel. The finish leads with lilac and black currant in the short; lime zest and cedar carry the long.
Evaluated as espresso. Richly sweet-tart, high-toned, deeply aromatic. Dried pomegranate, honeysuckle, dark chocolate, amber, pink grapefruit zest in aroma and small cup. Plush, voluptuous mouthfeel; resonant, flavor-laden finish. Superb in cappuccino-scaled milk: chocolaty and floral-toned.
Berry-driven, complexly sweet-savory. Mulberry, praline, cocoa nib, lilac, tangerine zest in aroma and cup. Brightly sweet-savory structure with juicy, vibrant acidity; full, syrupy-smooth mouthfeel. Resonant, lingering, berry-toned finish, chocolaty and floral.
Crisply sweet-tart. Passion fruit, lemon verbena, cocoa nib, freesia, cedar in aroma and cup. Gently tart structure with sweet, high-toned acidity; very smooth, satiny mouthfeel. Cocoa-toned finish supported by notes of lemon verbena and freesia.
Gently fruit-forward, sweetly savory. Dark chocolate, raspberry coulis, star jasmine, cedar, tangerine zest. Sweet-savory structure with fruity-bright acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel. Chocolaty and fruit-driven in the finish, with support from notes of bittersweet citrus.
Delicate, richly floral-toned. Lavender, blood orange, cocoa nib, almond butter, sandalwood in aroma and cup. Balanced structure with fine, floral-toned acidity; silky-smooth, vibrant mouthfeel. The long, sweet finish centers around notes of cocoa nib, lavender and blood orange.
Crisply sweet, richly savory. Cocoa nib, Asian pear, caramel, freesia-like flowers, fresh-cut oak in aroma and cup. Sweet structure with brisk acidity; full, syrupy-smooth mouthfeel. Quietly cocoa-toned finish with caramel undertones.
Evaluated as espresso. Deeply sweet-savory, chocolaty and fruit-forward. Lychee, chocolate fudge, pistachio brittle, plumeria, scorched cedar in aroma and small cup. Creamy-smooth mouthfeel; resonantly chocolaty finish with pleasing, slightly smoky aromatic wood undertones. In three parts milk, chocolate is further elevated, as are florals.
Richly aromatic, deeply fruit-toned. Raspberry jam, almond nougat, lemon balm, cocoa nib, cedar in aroma and cup. Gently tart structure with pert acidity; plush, satiny mouthfeel. Crisp, fruity, cocoa-toned finish.
Multi-layered, richly sweet. Dried plum, hazelnut butter, bergamot, magnolia, oak in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with brisk acidity; full, satiny-smooth mouthfeel. Crisply nut-toned finish with undertones of bergamot.
Evaluated as espresso. Delicately berry-toned, richly sweet. Blackberry coulis, cocoa nib, agave syrup, fresh-cut cedar, macadamia nut in aroma and small cup. Silky, viscous mouthfeel; the finish leads with notes of agave syrup and macadamia nut. Especially pretty in cappuccino format, where berry and cocoa notes balance rich aromatic cedar.
Evaluated as espresso. Aromatically intense, sweet-tart-savory. Concord grape, lychee, dark chocolate, aloewood, oregano in aroma and cup. Creamy-smooth mouthfeel; savory, herbaceous, chocolaty finish. In three parts milk, savory notes usurp sweet, with inviting aloewood and oregano notes supported by dark chocolate and lychee undertones.
Evaluated as espresso. Brightly fruit-toned, deeply chocolaty, with savory undertones. Rambutan, sandalwood, kumquat, dark chocolate, freesia in aroma and small cup. Crisp, satiny mouthfeel; especially long, flavor-laden finish. In three parts milk, sandalwood notes frame the dark chocolate and tropical fruit throughlines.
Evaluated as espresso. Winey and musky, richly chocolaty. Dark chocolate, red wine barrel, musk, black sage, toasted walnut in aroma and small cup. 
Evaluated as espresso. Extremely sweet, intentionally fermenty, wine-like aroma. Red wine, salted caramel, gardenia, pomelo, hazelnut brittle in aroma and small cup. Plush, syrupy mouthfeel; crisply nut-toned and caramelly finish. In milk, this coffee is dessert-like in its impossibly deep sweetness.
Evaluated as espresso. Balanced, deep, richly floral- and fruit-toned. Hyacinth, mulberry, cocoa nib, almond butter, lemon-thyme in aroma and small cup. Crisp, syrupy mouthfeel; berry-driven, nutty finish. Harmonious and integrated in cappuccino-scaled milk, with berry and floral notes dancing at the top.
Evaluated as espresso. Decadently floral-toned with fruit underpinnings. Plumeria, black cherry, chocolate fudge, dark caramel, singed cedar in aroma and small cup. Creamy-smooth mouthfeel; crisply chocolaty, distinctly floral finish. 
Evaluated as espresso. Complex, richly tart, sweetly herbaceous. Watermelon candy, sassafras, star jasmine, dark chocolate, hint of eucalyptus in aroma and small cup. Viscous, syrupy mouthfeel; crisp, sweetly herbal finish. In cappuccino format, balanced, bright, deep, juicy and chocolaty.
Evaluated as espresso. Juicy, richly aromatic, sweetly tart. Dark chocolate, pomegranate, sandalwood, lilac, blood orange zest in aroma and small cup. Syrupy-smooth mouthfeel; long, flavor-saturated finish. High-toned and chocolaty in three parts milk, supported by elegant floral and rich aromatic wood notes.
Evaluated as espresso. Richly chocolaty, sweetly nutty, subtly fruity. Nutella, dried red currant, magnolia, pink grapefruit zest, rosewood in aroma and small cup. Crisp, syrupy mouthfeel; the dessert-like finish centers around notes of Nutella and magnolia. In three parts milk, plush, flavor-saturated and lingering.
Richly sweet-savory, fruit-forward, juicy. Dried pineapple, dark chocolate, wine barrel, magnolia, hop flowers in aroma and cup. Richly sweet-savory structure with high-toned acidity; plush, viscous mouthfeel. The fruit-driven finish is complicated by notes of wine barrel and magnolia. 
Juicy, balanced, bright. Bing cherry, wisteria, cocoa nib, blood orange, marjoram in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart with citrusy acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel. The crisply sweet finish centers around notes of cherry and cocoa nib.
Fruit-forward, elegantly bright. Lychee, passionfruit, cashew butter, sandalwood, bergamot in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart with vibrant acidity; crisp, syrupy mouthfeel. Fruit-toned finish with undertones of cashew butter and sandalwood. 
Delicate, richly aromatic, floral-toned. Narcissus, apricot, almond, Meyer lemon zest, fresh-cut oak in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart structure with juicy-bright acidity; vibrantly silky mouthfeel. The long finish centers around notes of narcissus and almond.
Crisply sweet, deeply spice-toned. Cinnamon, date, raspberry, baking chocolate, amber in aroma and cup. Sweet structure with gently brisk acidity; full, satiny-smooth mouthfeel. The finish consolidates to notes of date and cinnamon with undertones of amber.
Balanced, vibrant, complex. Mulberry, dark chocolate, mustard seed, star jasmine, sandalwood in aroma and cup. Juicy-bright structure with vibrant phosphoric acidity; very full, syrupy mouthfeel. Long, flavor-saturated finish. 
Sweetly tart, juicy and vibrant. Pink grapefruit, nectarine, cocoa nib, lavender, cedar in aroma and cup. High-toned structure with sweet, lively acidity; full, syrupy mouthfeel. The resonant finish consolidates to notes of cocoa-toned fruit supported by cedar.
Crisply sweet, fruit-forward. Blueberry, baking chocolate, fresh-cut fir, cashew, magnolia in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned with gentle acidity; delicate, satiny mouthfeel. The quiet finish centers around notes of blueberry and fir.
High-toned, delicate, confident. Star-jasmine, cocoa nib, blood orange, black sage, sandalwood in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned structure with poised and elegantly bright acidity; very smooth, silky mouthfeel. Sandalwood notes contribute resonance to the floral-toned finish.
Sweet-toned, richly aromatic. Red currant, honey, narcissus, cedar, lavender in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart with bright, juicy acidity; syrupy-smooth mouthfeel. The short finish consolidates to notes of red currant and honey, carrying far into the long.
Sweetly pungent with savory undertones. Lychee, marjoram, cocoa nib, freesia-like flowers, roasted almond in aroma and cup. Crisply sweet structure with juicy acidity; smooth, satiny mouthfeel. Nutty, sweetly herbaceous finish.
Fruit-toned, sweetly herbaceous. Goji berry, lemon verbena, cedar, baking chocolate, malt in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned with gentle acidity; full, syrupy mouthfeel. Quietly chocolaty finish with citrus undertones.
High-toned, floral. Nectarine, lilac, cocoa nib, pistachio brittle, cedar in aroma and cup. Sweet structure with bright, juicy acidity; silky-smooth mouthfeel. The cocoa-toned finish is complicated by hints of lilac and cedar.
Crisply sweet and inviting. Caramel, pear, baking chocolate, fir, mustard flower in aroma and cup. Sweet-savory structure with gentle acidity; satiny mouthfeel. Notes of caramel and pear lead the finish, with undertones of baking chocolate.
Sweet-toned, delicate and deep. Dark chocolate, lychee, lemon verbena, maple syrup, hazelnut in aroma and cup. Brightly sweet structure with juicy, balanced acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel. The finish centers around notes of chocolate and maple syrup.
Elegant, delicate, rich-toned. Mango, cocoa nib, marjoram, lavender, cane sugar in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart structure with bright, juicy acidity; very full, syrupy mouthfeel. The pretty finish leads with lavender and cocoa nib.
Deeply sweet-savory. Dark chocolate, fresh humus, yellow plum, cashew, oak in aroma and cup. Sweet structure with brisk acidity; silky, lightly viscous mouthfeel. Finish consolidates to earthy chocolate and nut.
Balanced, deeply sweet. Dark chocolate, honeysuckle, date, orange zest, cedar in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned with bright, vibrant acidity; crisp, velvety mouthfeel. Chocolaty finish with undertones of orange zest.
Gently sweet-tart, fruit-toned. Goji berry, amber, grapefruit zest, agave syrup, cedar in aroma and cup. Crisply sweet structure with tart-leaning acidity; full, satiny mouthfeel. The finish leads with notes of sweet goji berry, backed up by perfumy amber notes.
Crisply chocolaty, deep-toned. Baking chocolate, almond, lily, candy apple, fir in aroma and cup. Sweet structure with gently round acidity; full, crisply syrupy mouthfeel. Gently drying, quite chocolaty finish.
Chocolaty and nut-toned. Chocolate fudge, raisin, gently scorched cedar, gardenia, grapefruit zest in aroma and cup. Bittersweet structure with round acidity; lightly syrupy mouthfeel. Gently drying, wood-framed finish. 
Balanced, sweetly savory. Wisteria, black currant, lime zest, tamarind, cedar in aroma and cup. Sweet-savory structure with bight, juicy acidity; full, syrupy-smooth mouthfeel. The finish leads with notes of tamarind, supported by lime zest and cedar.
Balanced, deeply sweet, rich-toned. Butterscotch, hazelnut, dark chocolate, apricot, freesia-like flowers in aroma and cup. Invitingly bittersweet structure with brisk acidity; very satiny mouthfeel. The finish centers around notes of butterscotch and hazelnut.
Bright, vibrantly sweet. Wild honey, dried plum, cocoa nib, pink grapefruit zest, lilac in aroma and cup. Sweet structure with crisply bright acidity; velvety-smooth mouthfeel. Cocoa-toned finish with undertones of wild honey and pink grapefruit zest.
Vibrantly fruit-toned, intensely sweet-tart. Mango, cocoa nib, agave syrup, lemon thyme, magnolia in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with perky acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel. Crisp fruit-forward finish with undertones of agave syrup and lemon thyme.
Fruit-centered, sweetly herbaceous. Bing cherry, marjoram, honeysuckle, salted caramel, fresh-cut oak in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart with brisk acidity; full, syrupy-smooth mouthfeel. The crisply sweet finish consolidates around notes of honeysuckle and oak.
Deeply and richly sweet, chocolaty. Dried blueberry, chocolate fudge, gardenia, cedar, hazelnut in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned structure with round, fruity acidity; full, creamy mouthfeel. 
Delicately fruit-toned, sweetly herbaceous. Passion fruit, lemon balm, cocoa nib, narcissus, sandalwood in aroma and cup. Bright, balanced structure with sweet malic acidity; full, syrupy-smooth mouthfeel. The finish consolidates to notes of cocoa nib and lemon balm.
Evaluated as espresso. Crisply sweet, deep-toned. Salted caramel, plum, grapefruit zest, fresh-cut oak, lily in aroma and small cup. Sweet structure with juicy-bright acidity; very full, satiny mouthfeel. The finish leads with notes of caramel and grapefruit zest. Complex and deep in three parts milk with lingering notes of florals and salted caramel.
Evaluated as espresso. Crisply sweet, fruit-toned. Goji berry, cocoa powder, cashew, orange zest, cedar in aroma and small cup. Sweet-toned structure with gentle acidity; satiny-smooth mouthfeel. Nut- and cocoa-toned finish. Chocolate-toned and citrusy in three parts milk.
Evaluated as espresso. Floral-toned, gently spicy. Freesia, baking chocolate, candied walnut, fresh-cut cedar, agave syrup in aroma and small cup. Crisply sweet structure with brisk acidity; lightly satiny mouthfeel. Bittersweet finish with notes of freesia and candied walnut. Crisply chocolaty in cappuccino-scaled milk.
Fruity, spice-toned, sweetly fermenty. Cherry liqueur, tiramisu, gardenia, tangerine zest, sage in aroma and cup. Richly sweet structure with winey acidity; plush, creamy mouthfeel. Resonant finish, driven by notes of cherry liqueur and gardenia with undertones of sage.
Elegantly bright, richly sweet. Apricot, bergamot, cocoa nib, sandalwood, star jasmine in aroma and cup. Balanced structure with high-toned acidity; silky, viscous mouthfeel. Long, lingering finish centers around notes of cocoa nib and apricot, with a shimmer of star jasmine.
Evaluated as espresso produced as a “ristretto” 25ml (.85-ounce) shot using a Nespresso capsule espresso brewer with whole milk heated using a conventional steam wand. Crisply sweet, floral-toned. Lilac, plum, almond, cocoa nib, lemon verbena in aroma and small cup. Silky-smooth mouthfeel; crisp finish with notes of cocoa nib and lemon verbena. In cappuccino format, cocoa notes are further elevated and sweet herb notes provide bright ballast. 
Deeply sweet-savory, unusual. Caramel, goat milk yogurt, raspberry, cedar, sage in aroma and cup. Richly bittersweet in structure with bright acidity; syrupy mouthfeel. Savory-leaning finish with undertones of caramel and sage.
Evaluated as espresso. Richly aromatic, fruity, spice-toned. Baking spices, pineapple, dark chocolate, cedar, apple cider in aroma and small cup. Crisp, velvety mouthfeel; spice-toned, fruity finish. In three parts milk, suggests a pineapple milkshake.
Quietly confident, gently bright. Pear, almond, lily, fir, orange zest in aroma and cup. Crisply bittersweet structure with brisk acidity; delicate, silky mouthfeel. The gently drying finish leads with notes of orange zest and fir.
High-toned, richly sweet and deep. Nectarine, cherry blossom, hazelnut, lemon-thyme, dark chocolate in aroma and cup. Sweet structure with bright, juicy acidity; crisp mouthfeel. Long, flavor-laden finish that carries forward all the aroma and flavor notes from the cup.
Sweetly savory, fruit-driven. Candy apple, lime zest, baking chocolate, cedar, narcissus in aroma and cup. Bittersweet structure with brisk acidity; crisp, satiny mouthfeel. Finish consolidates to notes of chocolate and citrus.
Delicate, balanced, sweet-toned. Baking chocolate, pear, almond, fresh-cut oak, agave syrup in aroma and cup. Brisk acidity; velvety-smooth mouthfeel. Sweetly nutty finish supported by notes of agave and oak.
Richly sweet, high-toned. Mulberry, dark chocolate, agave syrup, lemon verbena, cedar in aroma and cup. Sweet in structure with juicy-bright acidity; very full, syrupy mouthfeel. Resonant, long, flavor-saturated finish.
Evaluated as espresso. Deeply sweet, rich-toned, chocolaty. Dark chocolate, cashew butter, pomegranate, lemon verbena, cedar in aroma and cup. Creamy-smooth mouthfeel; crisply sweet finish consolidates to notes of dark chocolate and pomegranate. In cappuccino-scaled milk, chocolate notes bloom, tart fruit notes are tempered, and floral hints are further amplified.
Juicy, bright, fruit- and floral-toned, savory-edged. Shitake mushroom, dark chocolate, grape candy, wisteria, amber in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with cola-like acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel. Long, lingering, flavor-saturated finish.
Gently fruit-forward. Raspberry, honey, almond butter, magnolia, grapefruit zest in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned structure with brisk acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel. The sweet-toned finish centers around notes of raspberry, magnolia and honey. 
Evaluated as espresso. Balanced, deep-toned. Baking chocolate, tamarind, cedar, narcissus, agave syrup in aroma and small cup. Crisp, lightly satiny mouthfeel; richly drying finish with notes of baking chocolate and cedar. In three parts milk, nice dark chocolate and narcissus notes supported by agave.
Delicate, complex, multi-layered. Cocoa nib, orange blossom oil, hop flowers, tangerine, cedar in aroma and cup. Richly sweet-tart structure with citrusy acidity; full, syrupy-smooth mouthfeel. The floral-toned, citrusy finish is supported by cocoa nib and cedar notes.
Deep-toned, intricately balanced. Dried mulberry, dark chocolate, magnolia, sandalwood, pink peppercorn in aroma and small cup. Juicy-sweet structure with high-toned acidity; very full, syrupy mouthfeel. The resonant finish consolidates to notes of dried mulberry and pink peppercorn.
Evaluated as espresso. Chocolaty, roast-rounded. Cocoa powder, date, salted caramel, gardenia, fresh-cut fir in aroma and small cup. Crisp, velvety mouthfeel; sweet, chocolaty and wood-framed finish. In three parts milk, both chocolate and floral notes bloom, with undertones of date and gardenia.
Sweetly nut-toned. Cashew, caramel, cedar, orange zest, lily in aroma and cup. Sweet structure with brisk acidity; lightly satiny mouthfeel. The finish centers around notes of cashew and cedar with caramel undertones.
Richly sweet-tart, floral and fruit-driven. Mango, cocoa nib, ginger blossom, lime zest, cedar in aroma and cup. Balanced, tart-leaning structure with vibrant, juicy acidity; lightly viscous, silky mouthfeel. Long, flavor-saturated finish centered around fruit and florals.
Elegant, delicately aromatic, floral. Honeysuckle, cocoa nib, pink peppercorn, red plum, pomelo in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart with juicy, balanced acidity; plush, syrupy-smooth mouthfeel. Floral- and cocoa-toned finish.
Richly chocolaty, sweetly tart. Nectarine, dark chocolate, lemon verbena, lavender, fresh-cut oak in aroma and cup. Sweet structure with high-toned acidity; very full, satiny-smooth mouthfeel. Crisply sweet, chocolaty finish with undertones of lemon verbena and a hint of lavender.
Juicy, richly floral-toned. Lilac, cocoa nib, pink grapefruit zest, almond butter, fresh-cut oak in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with bright, juicy acidity; crisply satiny mouthfeel. The engaging finish leads with notes of lilac and pink grapefruit zest, rounding to almond butter and oak in the long.
Deeply fruit-toned, richly chocolaty. Dried apricot, dark chocolate, narcissus, cedar, almond in aroma and cup in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart structure with brisk acidity; full, syrupy mouthfeel. The crisp finish consolidates to notes of dried apricot, dark chocolate and cedar.
Crisp, delicately fruit-forward. Pomegranate, amber, cocoa nib, marjoram, freesia in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned structure with gentle acidity; crisp, velvety mouthfeel. The finish leads with notes of amber and marjoram with floral undertones.
Elegantly fruit-toned. Strawberry-guava, pistachio, lime zest, freesia, cedar in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart structure with vibrant, juicy acidity; full, syrupy mouthfeel. The finish centers around notes of strawberry-guava and pistachio with cedar undertones.
Crisply tart, sweetly herbaceous. Tangerine, thyme, tea rose, fresh-cut oak, baking chocolate in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with brisk acidity; satiny-smooth mouthfeel. The citrusy finish leads with notes of tangerine and tea rose.
Deep-toned, richly sweet. Date, dark chocolate, hazelnut, magnolia, cedar in aroma and cup. Sweet structure with gentle, round acidity; plush, creamy mouthfeel. The crisp finish simplifies to notes of dark chocolate and cedar.
Richly floral, fruit-toned, balanced. Passion fruit, pink peppercorn, star jasmine, cocoa nib, sandalwood in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart structure with vibrant acidity; syrupy, viscous mouthfeel. The spicy-floral finish leads with notes of star jasmine and cocoa nib.
Richly aromatic, chocolaty and fruit-driven. Dark chocolate fudge, dried blueberry, baking spices (clove, nutmeg, cinnamon), magnolia, a hint of wine barrel in aroma and cup. Deeply sweet structure with fruit-toned acidity; creamy, smooth mouthfeel. Long, resonant finish: chocolate, flowers, fruit.
Citrusy-sweet, richly cocoa-toned. Tangerine, cocoa nib, marjoram, narcissus, fresh-cut cedar in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart structure with bright, balanced acidity; silky-smooth mouthfeel. Finish consolidates to pretty notes of cocoa nib and tangerine.
Suavely bright, quietly lively, balanced. Tangerine, hazelnut, cedar, cashew, floral vanilla in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart in structure; roundly bright acidity. Plush, buoyant mouthfeel. Impressive finish: deep, layered, vanilla with cedar and tangerine back notes.
Sweet-toned, straightforward, comfortable. Brown sugar, cocoa, gardenia, hazelnut, a hint of orange marmalade in aroma and cup. Balanced in structure, with gentle, round acidity; delicately plush mouthfeel. The exceptionally sweet finish consolidates around flowers, cocoa, hazelnut. 
Bright but balanced; cleanly classic washed profile. Distinct apricot,
Richly spice- and fruit-toned. Nectarine, clove, narcissus, cocoa nib, cedar in aroma and cup. Brightly sweet structure with vibrant, juicy acidity; full, syrupy-smooth mouthfeel. The balanced finish leads with notes of cocoa nib and nectarine, supported by clove, cedar and a hint of narcissus.
Gently fruit-toned, complex, multi-layered. Wild strawberry, honey, sandalwood, jasmine, fresh leather in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart structure with balanced, juicy acidity; very full, syrupy mouthfeel. The crisp finish centers on notes of strawberry and sandalwood with honey undertones.
High-toned, sweetly tart. Lychee, tamarind, dark chocolate, marjoram, fresh-cut oak in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned structure with gentle, round acidity; plush, creamy mouthfeel. Long, lingering finish with notes of dark chocolate and tamarind.
Chocolaty, deep-toned. Baking chocolate, date, cedar, narcissus, almond in aroma and cup. Sweet structure with brisk acidity; velvety mouthfeel. The finish consolidates to notes of baking chocolate and cedar.
Richly sweet, chocolaty. Dark chocolate, hazelnut, date, gardenia, cedar in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned structure with gentle acidity; crisp, satiny mouthfeel. Chocolaty finish with undertones of hazelnut and cedar.
Richly sweet, floral- and fruit-toned. Apricot, star jasmine, almond nougat, lemon balm, sandalwood in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart structure with delicately bright acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel. Long, lingering, flavor-laden finish.
Delicately bright, resonantly floral. Narcissus, cardamom, honey, bergamot, marjoram in aroma and cup. Balanced, sweetly tart structure with vibrant acidity; lively, silky mouthfeel. The long, flavor-laden finish leads with notes of bittersweet citrus and narcissus in the short; cardamom and honey resurface in the long.
Nuanced, bright, multi-layered, richly aromatic. Tangerine, lilac, sage, Bing cherry, caramelized walnut in aroma and cup. Sweetly bright structure with vibrant, balanced acidity; lively, satiny-smooth mouthfeel. The resonant finish centers around notes of tangerine and sage.
High-toned, balanced, deeply sweet. Pomelo, jasmine, cocoa nib, amber, agave syrup in aroma and cup. Brightly sweet structure with juicy acidity; syrupy-smooth mouthfeel. The crisply cocoa-toned finish is supported by pomelo and jasmine.
Deeply sweet, richly fruit-toned. Passion fruit, ginger flower, cocoa nib, Meyer lemon zest, hazelnut in aroma and cup. Brightly sweet with vibrant, juicy acidity; very full, syrupy mouthfeel. The resonant finish centers around notes of cocoa-toned ginger flower.
Richly tart, chocolaty. Pomegranate, dark chocolate, lemon verbena, almond, cedar in aroma and cup. Crisply sweet-tart structure with citrusy acidity; full, syrupy mouthfeel. The sustained finish consolidates to notes of pomegranate, dark chocolate and cedar.
Bittersweet, cleanly fruit-toned. Dark chocolate, raspberry, lime zest, hazelnut butter, rhododendron in aroma and cup. Deeply sweet structure with juicy, bright acidity; lightly satiny mouthfeel. The finish is carried by notes of dark chocolate and raspberry.
Crisply sweet, intentionally fermenty. Whiskey barrel, cocoa powder, raisin, fresh-cut fir, pistachio in aroma and cup. Sweet-savory structure with brisk acidity; velvety mouthfeel. Sweetly fermenty finish with notes of whiskey cask and fresh fir.
Sweetly roast-toned, richly chocolaty. Baking chocolate, scorched mesquite, lily, almond brittle, date in aroma and cup. Bittersweet structure with creamy mouthfeel; the crisp, gently drying finish centers on notes of baking chocolate, lily and mesquite.
 Richly aromatic, complex. Star jasmine, cocoa nib, bergamot, apricot, sandalwood in aroma and cup. Delicately bright structure with vibrantly juicy acidity; silky, viscous mouthfeel. Resonant, long flavor-laden finish with notes of star jasmine and cocoa nib supported by apricot undertones.
Rich-toned, chocolaty. Baking chocolate, cashew butter, date, magnolia, orange zest in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned with gentle, round acidity; very full, creamy mouthfeel. Finish consolidates to notes of crisp baking chocolate and cashew.
Evaluated as espresso. Richly chocolaty, deeply sweet. Crisp apple, dark chocolate, hazelnut, fresh-cut oak, agave syrup in aroma and small cup. Velvety-smooth mouthfeel; chocolaty, nutty finish. In three parts milk, both chocolate and nut tones are amplified, while fruit falls back to a supporting role. 
Evaluated as espresso. Caramel, almond butter, yellow plum, orange zest, cedar in aroma and small cup. Crisp, satiny mouthfeel; richly nut-driven finish. In three parts milk, almond and caramel tones commingle, supported by plum and cedar.
Deep-toned, complexly layered, vibrantly aromatic. Black cherry, honeysuckle, cocoa nib, sugar cane, lemon balm in aroma and cup. Richly bittersweet structure with tart, juicy acidity; crisp, satiny mouthfeel. Very long, nuanced, resonant finish.
Deeply lactic-sweet, rich-toned. Bubblegum, rhododendron, cocoa nib, fresh leather, grape candy in aroma and cup. Richly bittersweet structure with tangy, lactic acidity; delicate, lightly syrupy mouthfeel. The sweet, long finish consolidates to notes of bubblegum and cocoa nib with undertones of rhododendron.
Sweetly tart, fruit-driven, chocolaty. Berry melange, dark chocolate, freesia-like flowers, cedar, pink peppercorn in aroma and cup. Brightly sweet with vibrant, high-toned acidity; lively, syrupy mouthfeel. Long, lingering, flavor-saturated finish, juicy and bright.
Richly fruit- and floral-toned. Dried plum, plumeria, dark chocolate, amber, lemon-thyme in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart with balanced, fruity acidity; very full, syrupy mouthfeel. The resonant finish centers around notes of plum, plumeria and dark chocolate.
Delicately aromatic, richly sweet. Narcissus, honey, apricot, almond, Meyer lemon zest in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart structure with gently bright, floral acidity; smooth, silky mouthfeel. The finish consolidates to notes of honey and almond with undertones of narcissus.
Elegantly fruit-toned, very juicy. Ripe peach, dark chocolate, blueberry jam, almond butter, a hint of wine barrel in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart structure with bright, malic acidity; very smooth, syrupy mouthfeel. Integrated, harmonious, long finish.
High-toned, richly sweet-tart. Red plum, almond nougat, marjoram, cedar, star jasmine in aroma and cup. Brightly sweet with high-toned acidity; syrupy-smooth mouthfeel. The finish leads with notes of star jasmine, rounding to almond nougat in the long.
Crisply sweet, delicately aromatic. Fig Newton, magnolia, hazelnut, fresh-cut fir, agave syrup in aroma and cup. Sweet structure with brisk acidity; very full, satiny mouthfeel. The gently drying finish consolidates to notes of hazelnut and fir.
Spice-toned, richly sweet. White peach, nutmeg, tuberose, cocoa nib, fresh-cut fir in aroma and cup. Sweet structure with gentle, round acidity; full, syrupy-smooth mouthfeel. The finish leads with notes of cocoa nib and peach in the short, with fresh-cut fir and hints of tuberose resurfacing in the long.
Delicately fruit-toned, gently tart. Dark chocolate, strawberry, jasmine, cedar, pink grapefruit zest in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart structure with juicy acidity; crisp, satiny mouthfeel. Chocolaty, fruit-toned finish, with undertones of cedar.
Massively floral, juicy, cocoa-toned. Distinct cocoa, honeysuckle, tangerine, caramel, cashew in aroma and cup. Deeply sweet, savory-edged in structure, with deep, vibrant acidity. Full, syrupy mouthfeel. The finish is sweet and rich, carrying most notes from the cup far into the long. 
Balanced, classic, sweetly bright. Blood orange, fresh-cut cedar, almond brittle, quietly complex flowers — freesia, lavender — in aroma and cup. Crisp, sweet-tart structure with smoothly bright acidity. Plush, lightly viscous mouthfeel. Sweet almond and fresh cedar carry the rich, gently drying finish.
Crisp, spicy, orange-toned. Spice box, black currant, orange, cocoa, a hint of sweet flowers in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with a briskly savory edge; full, plump mouthfeel. Rich and round in the finish: orange, blackberry, a continued hint of flowers.  
Round, deep, yet delicately lively, sweetly nut-toned. Roasted pistachio, caramel, date, lime, freesia in aroma and cup. Complexly layered structure with light-footed, engaging acidity; lightly satiny mouthfeel. Long, layered finish: lime and caramel.
Sweet, crisply brisk, orangy, balanced. Orange, freesia, fresh-cut fir, hints of cocoa nib and molasses. Bittersweet in structure with a sweet but brisk acidity. Lightly syrupy, lifty and lively mouthfeel. Gently but richly drying finish: orange, fir, a hint of cocoa nib.
Richly and suavely bright, balanced. Milk chocolate, cedar, floral-toned vanilla, raspberry, hazelnut in aroma and cup. Very sweetly and lightly tart with gently bright acidity; satiny mouthfeel. Lightly drying but flavor-saturated finish leading with raspberry and vanilla. 
Buoyant, delicate, vivacious. A bouquet of flowers — rose, magnolia, more — plus lemon, sandalwood, fresh tobacco in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart in structure with a big, savory bottom. Syrupy but lively mouthfeel. Rich, sweet, balanced finish: tobacco, lemon. 
Deeply sweet, crisply chocolaty. Baking chocolate, almond nougat, pear, fresh-cut oak, pink grapefruit zest in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned structure with brisk acidity; full, syrupy-smooth mouthfeel. The finish centers around notes of almond nougat and pink grapefruit zest.
Crisply sweet, fruit-toned. Dried plum, hazelnut, cocoa powder, marjoram, fresh-cut fir in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned structure with gently fruity acidity; crisp, silky mouthfeel. The finish consolidates to cocoa-toned marjoram with hints of hazelnut.
Deeply sweet, nut-toned. Cashew butter, cocoa nib, date, tiger lily, fresh-cut fir in aroma and cup. Crisply sweet structure with balanced acidity; delicate, silky mouthfeel. Creamy cashew notes lead the short finish with tiger lily and date resurfacing in the long.
Crisply sweet-tart, nut-toned. Red apple, almond brittle, magnolia, lemon zest, cedar in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with brisk acidity; delicate, satiny mouthfeel. Quiet, gently nut-toned finish.
Richly sweet-savory. Ripe heirloom tomato, pomegranate, cocoa nib, sage, narcissus in aroma and cup. Complex sweet-savory-tart structure with elegantly bright acidity; plush, syrupy-smooth mouthfeel. Long, lingering, flavor-saturated finish that foregrounds tomato, pomegranate and cocoa notes.
Delicately fruit- and floral-toned. Magnolia, apricot, amber, cocoa nib, sandalwood in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart with gently bright acidity; vibrantly silky mouthfeel. Resonant finish that leads with notes of magnolia and apricot, rounding to cocoa and amber in the long.
Multi-faceted, enticingly sweet-savory. Lychee, cardamom, cocoa nib, fennel, star jasmine in aroma and cup. Savory-sweet structure with vibrantly juicy acidity; syrupy-smooth mouthfeel. Rich-toned, very long finish with leading notes of lychee and cardamom.
Balanced, deep, floral-toned. Wisteria, cocoa nib, almond nougat, white peach, cedar in aroma and cup. Sweet structure with gently bright, vibrant acidity; full, buttery mouthfeel. The crisp finish centers around notes of wisteria and cocoa nib.
Sweetly fermenty, chocolaty. Milk chocolate, black cherry, wine barrel, cedar, tangerine zest in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with winey acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel. Fruity, chocolaty finish with aromatic wood undertones. 
Richly fruit-toned, candy-like. Pineapple saltwater taffy, cotton candy, baking chocolate, orange zest, cedar in aroma and cup. Sweet structure with brisk acidity; satiny-smooth mouthfeel. Crisply sweet finish with notes of cotton candy and orange zest supported by cedar undertones.
Deeply chocolaty, sweetly earthy. Dark chocolate, pipe tobacco, date, lily, gently scorched oak in aroma and cup. Sweet structure with gentle, round acidity; crisp, velvety mouthfeel. The mildly drying finish consolidates to notes of pipe tobacco and lightly scorched oak with undertones of dark chocolate.
Evaluated as espresso. Richly sweet, crisply chocolaty. Dark chocolate, hazelnut, candy apple, orange zest, fresh-cut cedar in aroma and cup. Satiny-smooth mouthfeel; resonant, chocolaty finish with hazelnut undertones. In three parts milk, chocolate notes are amplified but remain in balance with hazelnut and cedar suggestions.
Richly bittersweet, harmoniously fruit-forward. Dark chocolate, dried black cherry, lavender, fresh-cut oak, tangerine zest in aroma and cup. Integrated, pleasingly bittersweet structure with gentle acidity; full, syrupy mouthfeel. The finish consolidates to notes of dark chocolate, dried black cherry and cedar.
Elegantly fruit-driven, cocoa-toned. Gogi berry, red plum, cocoa nib, star jasmine, sandalwood in aroma and cup. Brightly sweet structure with very juicy acidity; plush, satiny mouthfeel. Resonant, long, lingering finish.
Intricate, vibrantly floral, citrusy. Lilac, tangerine, almond brittle, sage, wild honey in aroma and cup. High-toned, harmonious structure with elegantly juicy acidity; full, creamy mouthfeel. Flavor-saturated, very long finish. 
Crisply sweet, spice-toned. Plum, clove, almond, freesia-like flowers, lemon zest in aroma and cup. Sweet structure with brisk acidity; satiny-smooth mouthfeel. The finish consolidates to notes of freesia and lemon zest.
Sweetly floral, richly aromatic. Magnolia, raspberry, cocoa nib, lemon-thyme, agave syrup in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart structure with bright, juicy acidity; full, syrupy-smooth mouthfeel. The finish leads with notes of magnolia  and raspberry with distinct undertones of cocoa nib.
Evaluated as espresso. Crisply sweet, fruit-toned. Pomegranate, baking chocolate, freesia-like flowers, fresh-cut fir, orange zest in aroma and small cup. Syrupy-smooth mouthfeel; deeply sweet floral- and citrus-toned finish. In three parts milk, crisp chocolate notes are amplified, supported by pomegranate and fir.
Richly sweet-tart, high-toned. Apricot nectar, almond nougat, jasmine, cedar, cocoa nib in aroma and cup. Richly sweet-tart structure with juicy-bright acidity; very syrupy, vibrant mouthfeel. Cocoa-toned finish with undertones of apricot and cedar.
Nuanced, multi-layered. Almond brittle, pomegranate, dark chocolate, narcissus, lemon-thyme in aroma and small cup. Sweetly savory with juicy acidity; syrupy-smooth, vibrant mouthfeel with. Resonant, long, flavor-saturated finish. 
Evaluated as espresso. Deeply chocolaty, sweetly earthy. Dark chocolate, date, graphite, lemon verbena, candied violet in aroma and small cup. Crisp, satiny mouthfeel; richly chocolaty and gently herbaceous finish. Chocolate takes the stage in cappuccino-scaled milk, with support from notes of date and lemon verbena.
Complex, multi-layered. Almond brittle, black cherry, dark chocolate, narcissus, mustard seed in aroma and small cup. Sweetly savory with juicy acidity; syrupy-smooth, lively mouthfeel. Resonant, long, flavor-saturated finish consolidates to suggestions of black cherry and almond brittle. 
Delicately rich, vibrantly sweet-savory. Wisteria, dark chocolate, lychee, candied orange zest, allspice in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart structure with full, syrupy mouthfeel. The long finish consolidates to notes of wisteria and allspice.
Crisply fruit-toned, chocolaty. Cocoa powder, black cherry, almond, cedar, orange zest in aroma and cup. Richly bittersweet structure with brisk acidity; full, velvety mouthfeel. Finish consolidates to notes of cocoa powder, orange zest and cedar.
Rich-toned, chocolaty. Baking chocolate, black currant, freesia-like flowers, clove, agave syrup in aroma and cup. Sweet structure with gentle, round acidity; full, satiny mouthfeel. The delicate finish leads with chocolate and freesia in the short, clove and agave syrup in the crisp-toned long.
Elegantly fruit-toned, gently spice-driven. Date, clove, blood orange, baking chocolate, cedar in aroma and cup. Complex bittersweet structure with winey acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel. The resonant finish is centered around notes of date, blood orange and clove.
Richly sweet-tart, deeply chocolaty. Dark chocolate, pomegranate, lemon verbena, agave syrup, pink grapefruit zest in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart structure with apple-like malic acidity; very full, smooth, viscous mouthfeel. The finish consolidates to notes of pomegranate and dark chocolate with undertones of pink grapefruit zest.
Rich-toned, expressively layered, deeply sweet-savory. Ginger flower, toasted coconut, dried red currant, wild honey, cedar in aroma and cup. Savory-sweet structure with high-toned, vibrant acidity; plush, creamy mouthfeel. The long, intense finish is centered around notes of ginger and wild honey, with supporting notes of red currant and coconut.
Elegantly bright, delicately juicy, richly aromatic. Cocoa nib, ginger flower, apricot, pink grapefruit zest, hint of thyme in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with juicy acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel. Resonant, long, flavor-saturated finish.
Fruit-centered, richly chocolaty. Dried mango, dark chocolate, Calla lily, sandalwood, hazelnut brittle in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart with bright, balanced acidity; syrupy, viscous mouthfeel. The confident finish is long and flavor-laden.
Enticingly sweet, deeply floral-toned. Lilac, cocoa nib, pomelo, amber, almond nougat in aroma and cup. Gently tart in structure with juicy, vibrant acidity; very satiny, smooth mouthfeel. Rich finish that harmoniously sustains all of the aromatics.
Evaluated as espresso. Richly fruit-toned, chocolaty. Tiramisu, raspberry coulis, almond butter, hop flowers, cedar in aroma and small cup. Viscous, satiny mouthfeel; crisply tart finish with notes of raspberry and cedar. In cappuccino-scaled milk, raspberry and creamy chocolate notes take center stage.
Evaluated as espresso. Very sweet, floral, richly nutty. Black cherry, almond butter, dark chocolate, cedar, tangerine zest in aroma and small cup. Full, syrupy-smooth mouthfeel; chocolaty, nut-driven finish. In three parts milk, dark chocolate and almond butter take center stage, with support from pretty florals and citrus.
Evaluated as espresso. Deep-toned, sweetly savory. Dried fig, hop flowers, lemon verbena, dark chocolate, clove in aroma and small cup. Satiny-smooth mouthfeel; chocolaty finish with clove undertones. In cappuccino-scaled milk, spiced-toned chocolate notes are elevated, while fig and herb notes support.
Crisply sweet-tart, richly nut-toned. Pomegranate, baking chocolate, hazelnut, lime zest, cedar in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with gently bright, balanced acidity; crisp, satiny mouthfeel. Quiet finish centered around sweet nut and chocolate tones.
Fruit-saturated, sweetly fermenty. Concord grape, dark chocolate, vanilla orchid, wine barrel, tangerine zest in aroma and cup. Brightly sweet-tart structure with juicy acidity; very full, satiny mouthfeel. Fruit-toned finish with notes of wine barrel into the long.
Crisply sweet, balanced, spice-toned. Baking chocolate, almond butter, date, clove, magnolia in aroma and cup. Sweet structure with gentle, round acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel. Chocolaty nut tones in the finish supported by magnolia-like flowers.
Delicately sweet, subtly complex. Dried apricot, cocoa nib, freesia-like flowers, cedar, tangerine zest in aroma and cup. Richly bittersweet structure with balanced acidity; full, syrupy-smooth mouthfeel. Cocoa-toned finish with dried apricot and tangerine notes.
Richly fruit-driven, sweetly herbaceous. Lychee, passionfruit, baking chocolate, lemon verbena, agave syrup in aroma and cup. Brightly sweet-tart structure with high-toned acidity; smooth, velvety mouthfeel. The finish consolidates to notes of lemon verbena and agave syrup. 
Richly chocolaty, deep-toned. Dark chocolate, hop flowers, black cherry, cinammon, fresh-cut cedar in aroma and cup. Bittersweet structure with gentle, round acidity; plush, creamy mouthfeel. Chocolaty finish with supporting notes of hop flowers and cinnamon.
Deeply sweet-savory. Black tea, dark chocolate, golden raisin, sandalwood, tiger lily in aroma and cup. Roundly sweet with crisp acidity; silky, buoyant mouthfeel. Sandalwood and black tea lead in the finish.
Elegantly fruit- and cocoa-toned. Strawberry guava, cocoa nib, cane sugar, tea rose, cedar in aroma and cup. Delicately sweet structure with gently bright acidity; crisp, syrupy mouthfeel. A resonant finish centers around notes of cocoa nib and tea rose.
Gently fruit-toned, integrated and balanced. Pineapple, almond nougat, redwood, narcissus, marjoram in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart with juicy, high-toned acidity; vibrant, syrupy mouthfeel. The finish centers around notes of pineapple and almond.
Richly sweet, spice-toned. Lemon verbena, peach, cocoa nib, magnolia, almond butter in aroma and cup. Balanced, bittersweet structure with vibrant, juicy acidity; delicate, silky-smooth mouthfeel. The resonant, lingering finish centers around cocoa-toned peach and almond notes.
Gently fruit-forward, sweetly nut-toned. Rice candy, Nutella, fresh-cut fir, freesia-like flowers, lemon balm in aroma and cup. Richly sweet structure with brisk acidity; plush, creamy mouthfeel. Long, sweet, nutty finish consolidates to notes of hazelnut and fir.
Gently sweet-tart, floral-toned. Pomegranate, lilac, pistachio, orange zest, fresh-cut oak in aroma and cup. Crisply sweet-tart structure with delicately bright acidity; silky-smooth mouthfeel. The tart-leaning finish leads with notes of pomegranate and orange zest, supported by oak and pistachio.
Very sweet, floral-toned. Lilac, white nectarine, hazelnut, pink grapefruit zest, sandalwood in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned structure with balanced, bright acidity; very full, chewy mouthfeel. Floral-toned finish with supporting notes of pink grapefruit zest and sandalwood.
Resonantly juicy, richly sweet-tart. Black currant, lavender, dark chocolate, Meyer lemon zest, fine musk in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with vibrant, lively acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel. The finish is long, deep, rich, and crisply sweet. 
Richly bittersweet, complex, fruit-driven. Chocolate fudge, dried apricot, candied mandarin zest, pistachio brittle, narcissus in aroma and cup. Invitingly bittersweet structure with high-toned, lively acidity; crisp, satiny mouthfeel. The finish centers around notes of chocolate fudge and dried apricot, with undertones of bittersweet mandarin zest into the long. 
Savory-sweet, richly aromatic. Red currant, candycap mushroom, tangerine zest, dark chocolate, cedar in aroma and cup. Savory-sweet structure with high-toned, juicy acidity; full, creamy mouthfeel. Chocolaty finish with notes of red currant and tangerine zest in the short, candycap mushroom in the long.
Juicy, bright, classic. Sweetly savory, deep-toned. Black currant, amber, brown sugar, magnolia, cedar in aroma and cup. Balanced, sweet-savory structure with vibrant acidity; syrupy-smooth mouthfeel. The resonant finish consolidates to cocoa-toned florals and fruit.
Evaluated as espresso. Very fruity and chocolaty. Blueberry, baking chocolate, cashew, thyme, oak in aroma and small cup. Creamy, viscous mouthfeel; crisply chocolaty finish with continuing suggestions of blueberry and oak. In three parts milk, fruit recedes and chocolate intensifies, supported by fresh-cut oak.
Tart-leaning, fruity-sweet. Raspberry, cocoa powder, nasturtium, fir, lemon drop in aroma and cup. Bittersweet structure with tart acidity; full, syrupy mouthfeel. Gently drying, wood-framed finish with raspberry undertones.
Richly chocolaty, harmoniously juicy and bright. Dark chocolate fudge, pomelo, star jasmine, cedar, marjoram in aroma and cup. Sweet-savory structure with complex, bittersweet acidity; full, creamy mouthfeel. Resonant, long, flavor-laden finish.
Balanced, richly sweet, spice-toned. Apricot, cocoa nib, lilac, coriander, amber in aroma and cup. Deep, sweet-savory structure with bright acidity; syrupy-smooth mouthfeel. The finish is both crisp and juicy, leading with notes of apricot and coriander in the short and rich, cocoa-toned florals in the long.
Evaluated as espresso. Crisply chocolaty, delicately fruit-forward. Goji berry, lemon balm, baking chocolate, cedar, magnolia in aroma and small cup. Creamy-smooth mouthfeel; crisply chocolaty finish supported by notes of lemon balm and cedar. In three parts milk, sweet herb tones are usurped by rich chocolate and goji berry.
Sweetly tart, floral-toned. Tea rose, raspberry coulis, cocoa nib, watermelon rind, almond brittle in aroma and cup. High-toned structure with winey acidity; crisply satiny mouthfeel. Exceptionally long, harmonious finish that exhilaratingly extends the promise of the cup.
Bright, richly sweet, complex. Red currant, jasmine, dark chocolate, tangerine zest, maple syrup in aroma and cup. Sweetly savory structure, with juicy-bright acidity. Crisply silky mouthfeel. The balanced, integrated finish is centered around notes of red currant and dark chocolate, with hints of tangerine zest into the long.
Delicately sweet-tarty, fruity and lively. Baking chocolate, pomegranate, lime zest, cashew butter, oak in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with gently bright, winey acidity; crisp, silky mouthfeel. Baking chocolate and lime zest are central in the finish.
Richly sweet-tart, fruity and juicy. Dried pineapple, dark chocolate, frankincense, wisteria, pistachio in aroma and cup. Richly sweet-savory structure with high-toned acidity; syrupy, viscous mouthfeel. The fruit-driven finish is complicated by notes of wisteria and dark chocolate. 
Evaluated as espresso. Dark chocolate, cashew butter, pink grapefruit zest, black cherry, cedar in aroma and small cup. Crisp, velvety mouthfeel; sweetly chocolaty and nut-toned finish. In three parts milk, chocolate and nut impulses harmonize.
Crisply sweet-savory, spice-toned. Baking chocolate, black cherry, freesia, lemongrass, fresh-cut fir in aroma and cup. Sweetly savory structure with gentle acidity; velvety-smooth mouthfeel. The resonant finish consolidates to notes of crisp chocolate and lemongrass.
Delicately floral-toned. Wisteria, pear, maple syrup, almond, lime zest in aroma and cup. Crisply sweet with vibrant acidity; lightly satiny mouthfeel. Almond and pear notes lead the gentle, pleasing finish.
Richly fruit-driven, invitingly aromatic. Lychee, violet, cocoa nib, thyme, agave syrup in aroma and cup. Sweet-savory structure with bittersweet acidity; full, syrupy-smooth mouthfeel. The finish centers around notes of lychee and thyme with cocoa undertones.
Brightly sweet, richly resonant. Red grape, cashew butter, agave syrup, fresh-cut oak, honeysuckle in aroma and cup. Sweet structure with juicy acidity; lightly satiny mouthfeel. The finish centers around suggestions of cashew and grape.
Crisply cocoa- and berry-toned. Raspberry, cocoa nib, brown sugar, hazelnut, fir in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with brisk acidity; full, syrupy mouthfeel. The gently drying finish consolidates to notes of brown sugar and fir.
Tropical fruit-toned, richly aromatic. Passionfruit, lychee, dark chocolate, tangerine zest, amber in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart structure with piquant acidity; full, syrupy-smooth mouthfeel. Fruit-driven finish with undertones of crisp chocolate.
Sweetly sweet-savory. Red currant, violet, oregano, cocoa nib, cedar in aroma and cup. Sweet structure with vibrant, balanced acidity; satiny-smooth mouthfeel. The subtle finish consolidates to notes of red currant and cocoa nib.
Berry-driven, invitingly sweet-tart. Dried mulberry, cocoa nib, pink grapefruit zest, tea rose, fresh-cut oak in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned structure with brisk acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel. The long, lingering finish consolidates to notes of cocoa-toned mulberry and oak.
Complex, richly bittersweet. Cocoa nib, goji berry, myrrh, cashew butter, hop flowers in aroma and cup. Sweetly savory structure with juicy acidity; crisp, lightly syrupy mouthfeel. The resonant finish leads with goji berry and hop flowers in the short, rounding to cashew butter in the long.
Balanced, vibrant, juicy. Black currant, narcissus, toffee, cedar, pink grapefruit zest in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned structure with vivacious, sparkling acidity; crisp, velvety mouthfeel. The finish consolidates to toffee and cedar.
Sweetly tart, crisply herbaceous. Gooseberry, sage, magnolia, baking chocolate, pine nut in aroma and cup. Juicy, sweet-tart structure; plump, satiny mouthfeel. Crisp chocolate notes dominate in the finish with undertones of gooseberry and sage.
 Cocoa-toned, juicy and vibrant. Cocoa nib, bergamot, red plum, jasmine, cedar in aroma and cup. Balanced, sweet-toned structure with malic, apple-like acidity; dry, crisp mouthfeel. The cocoa toned finish is complicated by red plum and cedar.
Crisply chocolaty, floral-toned. Baking chocolate, honeysuckle, dried persimmon, almond nougat, fresh-cut oak in aroma and cup. Richly sweet structure with gentle, round acidity; plush, buttery mouthfeel. Chocolaty and floral finish with undertones of almond.
Elegant, delicate, sweetly tart. Bergamot, dried apricot, cocoa nib, sage, star jasmine in aroma and cup. Delicately sweet, balanced structure with high-toned acidity; very smooth, satiny mouthfeel. Resonant, long, flavor-laden finish.
Evaluated as espresso. Richly nut-toned, deeply sweet. Almond brittle, date, gardenia, orange zest, cedar in aroma and small cup. Very syrupy, viscous mouthfeel; sweetly nutty finish. In three parts milk, floral tones are amplified, as are rich almond notes.
Juicy, sweet-tart, rich and deep. Black cherry, dark chocolate, sage, star jasmine, sandalwood in aroma and small cup. Creamy-smooth mouthfeel; long, lingering, chocolaty finish. Dark chocolate, black cherry and star jasmine take center stage in  cappuccino-scaled milk.
Spice-toned, exceptionally sweet. Clove, cinnamon, green apple, cocoa nib, magnolia in aroma and cup. Crisply sweet structure with lively acidity; very full, syrupy mouthfeel. The finish consolidates to spice-toned cocoa nib with a hint of magnolia.
Rich-toned, deeply sweet-savory. Red currant, mustard flower, cocoa nib, butterscotch, almond butter in aroma and cup. Balanced, richly sweet-savory structure with juicy, bright acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel. Finish consolidates to cocoa-toned red currant with butterscotch undertones.
Tropically fruity, richly chocolaty. Dried blueberry, lychee, chocolate fudge, cedar, wisteria in aroma and cup. Brightly sweet-tart structure with winy acidity; plush, very viscous mouthfeel. Long, resonant, flavor-saturated finish.
Sweet-toned, gently nut-driven. Hazelnut, pink grapefruit zest, caramel, green apple, cedar in aroma and cup. Sweet-savory structure with pert acidity; crisp, silky mouthfeel. The finish leads with notes of hazelnut and caramel with undertones of green apple.
Crisp, cocoa-toned, gently floral. Baking chocolate, orange zest, date, hint of narcissus, fir in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with high-toned acidity; crisply satiny mouthfeel. Gently drying finish with aromatic wood notes supported by orange zest.
Richly aromatic, gently tart. Tamarind, magnolia, oak, pistachio, pink grapefruit zest in aroma and cup. Sweetly tarty structure with gently brisk acidity; crisp, satiny mouthfeel. Gently drying finish centered around notes of tamarind and oak with pistachio undertones.
Gently sweet, crisply fruity. Dried pear, brown sugar, Brazil nut, fir, baking chocolate in aroma and cup. Sweet structure with brisk acidity; velvety-smooth mouthfeel. Satisfying simple, sweetly nut-driven finish.
Sweet-tart, gently herbaceous. Dried apricot, honey, cashew butter, cocoa nib, lemon verbena in aroma and cup. Crisply sweet structure with even-keeled acidity; full, syrupy mouthfeel. The finish consolidates to notes of honey and cashew butter.
Resonantly floral, fruit-driven. Narcissus, pomegranate, amber, dark chocolate in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart structure with gently bright, fruity acidity; lively, viscous mouthfeel. The rich, concentrated finish centers around notes of pomegranate and dark chocolate with lush undertones of amber. 
Spice-toned, richly sweet. Clove, caramel, red apple, honeysuckle, oak in aroma and cup. Sweet structure with brisk acidity; full, syrupy mouthfeel. Finish consolidates to notes of baking spices and caramel.
Complex, multi-layered, deeply sweet. Lilac, cocoa nib, apricot, almond, tangerine zest in aroma and cup. Bright, juicy acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel. The resonant finish leads with notes of lilac and plum, balanced by suggestions of crisp cocoa.
Floral-toned, richly sweet-savory. Black cherry, dark chocolate, marjoram, sandalwood, agave syrup in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart structure with brisk acidity; syrupy-smooth mouthfeel. The finish leads with notes of black cherry, rounding to cocoa tones in the long.
Crisply chocolaty, richly sweet. Pear, baking chocolate, magnolia, cashew, marjoram in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned structure with brisk acidity; plush, creamy mouthfeel. The sweetly nutty finish is supported by magnolia and baking chocolate. 
Evaluated as espresso. Rich-toned, deeply chocolaty. Dark chocolate, agave syrup, pomegranate nectar, almond brittle, cedar in aroma and small cup. Crisp, syrupy mouthfeel; chocolaty-sweet finish with undertones of almond and cedar. In cappuccino-scaled milk, dark chocolate notes dominate and a freesia-like spicy floral note emerges. 
Delicately sweet-tart, balanced. Guava, macadamia nut, lemon verbena, cocoa nib, oak forest notes in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart structure with high-toned, balanced acidity; crisp, silky mouthfeel. The finish consolidates to notes of cocoa-toned guava with sweet herb undertones.
Exceptionally balanced, elegant, resonantly spice-toned. Red currant, butterscotch, hazelnut butter, honeysuckle, sandalwood in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned structure with sweetly tart, vivacious acidity; lively, creamy-smooth mouthfeel. The long, resonant finish carries over all the aromas and flavors of the cup.
Richly fruit-toned, deeply chocolaty. Dried raspberry, dark chocolate, pink peppercorn, amber in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with juicy acidity; delicate, silky-smooth mouthfeel. The finish, centered around chocolate and berry notes, is rich, resonant and long.
Delicate, deeply aromatic. Bergamot, nectarine, hazelnut, narcissus, cedar in aroma and cup. Sweetly savory with bright, juicy acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel. The resonant finish centers around notes of bergamot, narcissus and cedar. 
Crisply sweet, nut-toned. Nutella, peach, lime zest, cedar, magnolia in aroma and cup. Sweet structure with gentle, round acidity; velvety-smooth mouthfeel. Gently drying, very sweet nut-toned finish. 
Chocolate-toned, richly sweet-savory. Dark chocolate, nasturtium, black ucherry, cedar, agave syrup in aroma and cup. Bittersweet structure with gentle, rounded acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel. The quiet finish consolidates to crisp cocoa-toned cedar notes.
Sweetly herb- and spice-toned. Lemon verbena, plum, clove, oak, maple syrup in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart structure with delicate acidity; crisp, silky mouthfeel. The finish leads with notes of lemon verbena and plum in the short, consolidating to fragrant oak in the long.
Powerfully aromatic, fruit-centered. Passionfruit, lychee, ginger flower, almond brittle, kumquat in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with apple-toned, malic acidity; full, syrupy mouthfeel. Exceptionally harmonious and integrated finish into the far long.
Candy-like, chocolaty. Jolly Roger candy, baking chocolate, bay leaf, crisped rice, cedar in aroma and cup. Tart-leaning structure with brisk acidity; full, satiny mouthfeel. Crisply tart finish with fruit and aromatic wood impulses.
Sweetly tart, delicately bright. Berry melange, narcissus, cocoa nib, amber, agave syrup in aroma and cup. Brightly tart with brisk acidity; creamy, viscous mouthfeel. The long, resonant finish is flavor-saturated, balanced and complex.
Crisply sweet-tart, cocoa-toned. Watermelon candy, cocoa nib, pistachio brittle, fresh-cut fir, brown sugar in aroma and cup. Tart-leaning structure with citric acidity; full, syrupy mouthfeel. Cocoa and pistachio lead the quiet, wood-framed finish.
Elegantly floral, richly sweet. White peach, lilac, cocoa nib, lemon-thyme, oak in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with vivacious, juicy acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel. Gently fruit-driven finish with notes of lemon-thyme and oak.
A solidly satisfying Mexico cup with crisp chocolate, sweet citrus, and juicy fruit notes.
Evaluated as espresso. Richly floral, elegantly fruit-toned, chocolaty. Star jasmine, passionfruit, dark chocolate fudge, myrrh, a hint of marjoram in aroma and small cup. Very syrupy, viscous mouthfeel; crisply chocolaty, fruit-driven finish. In three parts milk, resonantly aromatic and complex with multiple layers of florals, fruit, chocolate, sweet herbs, and myrrh-like resin.
Evaluated as espresso. Richly sweet, deeply chocolaty. Pie cherry, baking chocolate, lily, fir, cashew in aroma and small cup. Satiny mouthfeel; fir and cashew lead in the gently drying finish. Chocolate and pie cherry notes intensify in three parts milk.
Floral-toned, richly fruity. Narcissus, watermelon candy, dark chocolate, amber, clove in aroma and cup. Sweet-savory structure with winey acidity; very full, syrupy mouthfeel. Resonant, long, flavor-laden finish.
Sweetly savory, deep-toned. Dark chocolate, red plum, hop flowers, bay leaf, agave syrup in aroma and cup. Crisply sweet structure with savory undertones and gentle acidity; full, viscous mouthfeel. Gently dying finish with leading notes of dark chocolate and hop flowers.
Delicate, elegant, sweetly bright. Bergamot, cocoa nib, dried mango, freesia, fresh-cut oak in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned structure with sparkling acidity; silky-smooth mouthfeel. Gently citrusy, cocoa-toned finish.
Richly chocolaty, balanced, deep-toned. Dark chocolate, persimmon, roasted almond butter, magnolia, oak forest in aroma and cup. Sweet in structure with vibrant, apple-like malic acidity; plush, viscous mouthfeel. Integrated, flavor-saturated, very long finish.
Delicately fruit-toned, richly tart. Raspberry jam, cocoa nib, lime, honeysuckle, cedar in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart structure with juicy acidity; syrupy-smooth mouthfeel. The finish consolidates to pleasing berry and citrus notes supported by cocoa nib.
Exceptionally balanced, high-toned. Pineapple, bergamot, cocoa nib, hazelnut, ginger flower in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart structure with cleanly fruity, vibrant acidity; very full, richly satiny mouthfeel. Crystalline finish that carries over all the aroma and flavor notes from the cup.
High-toned, sweetly tart. Black cherry, dark chocolate, pink peppercorn, pineapple saltwater taffy, redwood in aroma and cup. Crisply tart structure with brisk acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel. Fruity, chocolaty finish with undertones of pink peppercorn.
Deeply rich, sweet-toned. Caramel, baking chocolate, cane sugar, red plum, oak in aroma and cup. Sweet structure with gentle, round acidity; very full, syrupy mouthfeel. Crisply chocolaty, caramel-toned finish.
Complex, multi-layered, resonantly deep. Dark chocolate, summer savory herb, creme brulee, Asian pear, violet in aroma and cup. Sweet-savory structure with richly bittersweet acidity; syrupy-smooth mouthfeel. Crisply chocolaty finish supported by Asian pear and summer savory notes.
Vibrant, elegantly layered. Pink grapefruit, papaya, cocoa nib, dried hibiscus, cedar in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned with bright acidity; lush mouthfeel. Clean, lingering finish.
Sweetly tart, high-toned. Pie cherry, baking chocolate, cane sugar, almond, a hint of narcissus in aroma and cup. Tart-leaning structure with juicy acidity; delicately satiny mouthfeel. The clean, refreshing finish is centered around tart fruit notes.
Deeply chocolaty, richly sweet. Dark chocolate, cantaloupe, pipe tobacco, hazelnut, cedar in aroma and cup. Sweet structure with brisk acidity; crisp, velvety mouthfeel. The finish consolidates to notes of pipe tobacco and hazelnut.
Crisply chocolaty, sweetly herb-toned. Cocoa nib, orange zest, fennel, red apple, cedar in aroma and cup. Sweet-savory structure with citrusy acidity; very full, satiny mouthfeel. The finish leads with notes of cocoa nib and orange zest.
Crisply sweet, deeply nut-toned. Dried apricot, saltwater taffy, cocoa powder, cashew, maple syrup in aroma and cup. Sweet-savory structure with brisk acidity; delicate, silky mouthfeel. Cocoa powder and cashew lead in the quiet finish.
Very sweet, intricately balanced. Milk chocolate, pineapple, nougat, oak, lily in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned with very balanced acidity; crisp, lightly satiny mouthfeel. There’s a hint of sweet chocolate in the gently drying finish that’s predominated by aromatic wood notes.
Crisp, nutty, sweetly herb-toned. Lemon balm, praline, golden raisin, baking chocolate, magnolia in aroma and cup. Richly sweet structure with balanced, high-toned acidity; crisp, satiny mouthfeel. Gently drying finish with notes of cocoa-toned raisin and praline.
Intensely aromatic, richly sweet-tart. Raspberry jam, star jasmine, tangerine zest, oak forest, amber in aroma and cup. High-toned, sweet-tart structure with vibrant, juicy acidity; plush, syrupy mouthfeel. The long, resonant finish centers around notes of raspberry and star jasmine.
Richly chocolaty, sweetly fermenty. Cherry cordial, chocolate fudge, almond brittle, fine musk, gardenia in aroma and cup. Brightly sweet structure with juicy, winey acidity; full, viscous mouthfeel. Crisply chocolaty, fruity finish with a whisper of alcohol ferment.
Sweetly tart, juicy, bright. Red grape, sandalwood, dark chocolate, almond butter, pink grapefruit zest in aroma and small cup. Sweet-tart structure with elegantly high-toned acidity; syrupy-smooth mouthfeel. Crisply fruit-toned finish.
High-toned, crisply sweet-tart. Dried plum, baking chocolate, rhododendron, cedar, almond in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart with brisk acidity; velvety mouthfeel. The fruit-toned finish is supported by notes of cedar and baking chocolate.
Deeply sweet-tart, chocolate-toned. Dark chocolate, pomegranate, praline, magnolia, a hint of marjoram in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with brisk acidity; very full, syrupy mouthfeel. The finish consolidates to dark chocolate with undertones of praline and magnolia.
Crisply sweet, nut-toned. Almond brittle, pie cherry, magnolia, baking chocolate, mesquite in aroma and cup. Sweet structure with brisk acidity; very syrupy mouthfeel. The finish consolidates to notes of baking chocolate, pie cherry and mesquite.
Chocolaty, floral-framed. Cocoa nib, honeysuckle, date, almond butter, cedar in aroma and cup. Sweet structure with bright acidity; satiny-smooth mouthfeel. Cocoa nib and honeysuckle carry the finish, with hints of cedar underneath.
High-toned, enticingly sweet. Black cherry, narcissus, cashew butter, lemon verbena, juniper bark in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with bright acidity; crisp, satiny-smooth mouthfeel. The finish leads with notes of black cherry and lemon verbena, rounding to creamy cashew in the long.
 Vibrantly sweet, subtly nuanced. Apricot, dark chocolate, hazelnut, hyacinth, honey in aroma and cup. Sweetly tart structure with brisk acidity; smooth, syrupy mouthfeel. The chocolaty finish is supported by notes of apricot and hazelnut. 
Evaluated as espresso. Multi-layered, complex. Dark chocolate, dried apricot, star jasmine, cedar, hazelnut butter in aroma and small cup. Very syrupy mouthfeel; crisply fruit-toned finish. In three parts milk, chocolate and apricot notes are amplified, supported by spicy florals.
An espresso blend comprised of coffees from Panama and Ethiopia. A.R.C., whose motto is “more than specialty,” rigorously controls three vital elements: sourcing of green coffee, roasting, and, in cafe environments, water quality for brewed coffee. For more information, visit http://www.arc.coffee/en/index.html.
An espresso blend comprised of coffees from Africa and the Asia-Pacific. A.R.C., whose motto is “more than specialty,” rigorously controls three vital elements: sourcing of green coffee, roasting, and, in cafe environments, water quality for brewed coffee. For more information, visit http://www.arc.coffee/en/index.html.
This coffee tied for the third-highest rating in a tasting of 71 organic-certified coffees from Africa for Coffee Review’s November 2017 tasting report. Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one are produced from traditional Ethiopian varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. When processed by the wet or washed method (fruit skin and pulp are removed before drying) they typically express great aromatic complexity and intensity with a particular emphasis on floral notes. Like virtually all southern Ethiopia coffees, this coffee is produced by villagers on small, garden plots interplanted with food and other subsistence crops. Revel Coffee is a micro-roaster located in Billings, Montana. Its motto: “Quality is paramount — a difference you can revel in.” Visit www.revelcoffee.com or call 406-534-9621 for more information.
This coffee tied for the third-highest rating in a tasting of 71 organic-certified coffees from Africa for Coffee Review’s November 2017 tasting report. Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one are produced from traditional Ethiopian varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. When processed by the wet or washed method (fruit skin and pulp are removed before drying) they typically express great aromatic complexity and intensity with a particular emphasis on floral notes. Like virtually all southern Ethiopia coffees, this one is produced by villagers on small, garden plots interplanted with food and other subsistence crops. Roast House is a small-batch, quality-focused roaster specializing in farm-direct organic-certified and Fair Trade Certified coffees. Visit roasthousecoffee.com or call 509-995-6500 for more information.
Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one are produced from distinctive traditional Ethiopian varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. Like virtually all southern Ethiopia coffees, this coffee is produced by villagers on small garden plots interplanted with food and other subsistence crops. Processed by the wet or washed method (fruit skin and pulp are removed before drying). This coffee tied for the highest rating in a tasting of 71 organic-certified coffees from Africa for Coffee Review’s November 2017 tasting report. Big Creek Coffee Roasters is a small, quality-oriented batch roaster located in Montana’s Bitterroot Valley. Visit www.bigcreekcoffeeroasters.com or call 406-375-7508 for more information.
This coffee tied for the second-highest rating in a tasting of 71 organic-certified coffees from Africa for Coffee Review’s November 2017 tasting report. Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one are produced from distinctive traditional Ethiopian varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. Like virtually all southern Ethiopia coffees, this coffee is produced by villagers on small garden plots interplanted with food and other subsistence crops. This is a dry-processed or “natural” coffee, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit rather than after the fruit has been removed, as is the case with wet-processed or “washed” coffees. Certified USDA organic. Established in 2010, Red Rooster is an organic-certified micro-roaster focusing on socially conscious coffee and high-quality coffee. Visit redroostercoffee.com or call 540-745-7338 for more information.
This coffee tied for the second-highest rating in a tasting of 71 organic-certified coffees from Africa for Coffee Review’s November 2017 tasting report. Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one are produced from traditional Ethiopian varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. This is a dry-processed or “natural” Yirgacheffe, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit rather than after the fruit has been removed, as is the case with wet-processed or “washed” coffees. Certified USDA organic. Willoughby’s Coffee & Tea is a pioneer specialty coffee roaster established in the early 1980s that has gracefully and successfully moved with the times and now offers a menu of extremely refined small-lot, single-origin coffees. Visit www.willoughbyscoffee.com or call 800-388-8400 for more information.
This coffee tied for the second-highest rating in a tasting of 71 organic-certified coffees from Africa for Coffee Review’s November 2017 tasting report. Southern Ethiopia produces distinctive coffees from traditional varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. This lot was processed by the wet or washed method (fruit skin and pulp are removed before drying). Certified USDA organic. Artisan coffee-roasters in the northern California town of Ukiah, Black Oak’s mission is to bring to life each carefully selected coffee’s unique origins. For more information, visit www.blackoakcoffee.com.
This coffee tied for the second-highest rating in a tasting of 71 organic-certified coffees from Africa for Coffee Review’s November 2017 tasting report. Produced by the METAD farm and mill in southern Ethiopia. Southern Ethiopia produces distinctive coffees from traditional varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. Coffees like this one processed by the wet or washed method (fruit skin and pulp is removed before drying) typically express great aromatic complexity and intensity with a particular emphasis on citrus and floral notes. Ceritifed USDA organic. Wonderstate Coffee, formerly Kickapoo Coffee, is an award-winning roaster based in rural Wisconsin known for their commitment to guaranteeing higher pay for farmers and being the country’s first 100% solar powered roastery. Visit https://wonderstate.com for more information.
This exceptional coffee was selected as the No. 17 coffee on Coffee Review’s list of the Top 30 Coffees of 2017.  This coffee also tied for the highest rating in a tasting of 71 organic-certified coffees from Africa for Coffee Review’s November 2017 tasting report. Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one are produced from distinctive traditional Ethiopian varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. Like virtually all southern Ethiopia coffees, this coffee is produced by villagers on small garden plots interplanted with food and other subsistence crops. This lot was processed by the wet or washed method (fruit skin and pulp are removed before drying). Organic and Fair Trade certified, the latter meaning they were purchased from small-holding farmers at a “fair” or economically sustainable price. Reunion Island Coffee is a quality-oriented roasting company founded by Canadian specialty coffee veteran Peter Pesce. Visit www.reunionislandcoffee.com or call 800-565-5950 for more information.
Produced by the Thiriku Coffee Growers Cooperative Society from trees of the SL-28, SL-34 and Ruiru varieties of Arabica. Processed by a particularly meticulous Kenya variation on the traditional wet or “washed” method, in which skin and fruit flesh are removed from the beans or seeds before they are dried. AA is the highest grade of Kenya coffee based on bean size and freedom from imperfections. Roasted at PT’s Coffee, where the motto is “without the love, it’s just coffee.” Visit www.ptscoffee.com or call 888-678-5282 for more information.
Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one are produced from distinctive traditional Ethiopian varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. Like virtually all southern Ethiopia coffees, this coffee is produced by villagers on small garden plots interplanted with food and other subsistence crops. Processed by the dry or “natural” method, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit rather than after the fruit has been removed, as is the case with wet-processed or "washed" coffees. Kakalove Café is a nano-roaster located in the small city of Chia-Yi in Taiwan that strives to procure and roast the finest quality coffee. Visit www.kakalovecafe.com.tw or email [email protected] for more information
Coffees in this blend are all fully wet-processed or “washed” and certified organically grown in both Canada and the U.S. Since 1997, Level Ground Trading has been an importer and roaster based in Victoria, Canada, focused on direct trade with small-scale producers in developing countries and on marketing their products throughout North America. Visit www.levelground.com or call 888-565-6633 for more information.
Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one are produced from distinctive traditional Ethiopian varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. This is a dry-processed or “natural” version, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit rather than after the fruit has been removed, as is the case with wet-processed or “washed” coffees.  Decaffeinated at the Descamex plant in Mexico by the “Mountain Water Process” which does not involve use of solvents. Old Soul is a roastery, bakery and crafter of artisanal goods dedicated to quality in every form. Visit www.oldsoulco.com or call 916-443-7685 for more information.
Produced in Yirgacheffe, a coffee region in southern Ethiopia that produces particularly distinctive coffees from traditional varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. Yirgacheffe coffees like this one processed by the wet or washed method (fruit skin and pulp are removed before drying) typically express great aromatic complexity and intensity. Like virtually all Yirgacheffe coffees, this coffee is produced by villagers on small garden plots interplanted with food and other subsistence crops. A.R.C., whose motto is “more than specialty,” rigorously controls three vital elements: sourcing of green coffee, roasting, and, in cafe environments, water quality for brewed coffee. For more information, visit http://www.arc.coffee/en/index.html.
Yirgacheffe is a coffee region in southern Ethiopia that produces distinctive coffees from traditional varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. This is a “natural” or dry-processed version, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit, encouraging a flavor profile that is less predictable and deeper than the more familiar wet-processed floral- and citrus-toned Yirgacheffe profile. Like virtually all southern Ethiopia coffees, this coffee is produced by villagers on small, garden plots interplanted with food and other subsistence crops. A.R.C., whose motto is “more than specialty,” rigorously controls three vital elements: sourcing of green coffee, roasting, and, in cafe environments, water quality for brewed coffee. For more information, visit http://www.arc.coffee/en/index.html
An espresso blend comprised of coffees from Ethiopia, Kenya and the Yunnan Province of China. A.R.C., whose motto is “more than specialty,” rigorously controls three vital elements: sourcing of green coffee, roasting, and, in cafe environments, water quality for brewed coffee. For more information, visit http://www.arc.coffee/en/index.html.
Produced from trees of the Caturra and Castillo varieties of Arabica and decaffeinated at origin using ethyl acetate, a natural solvent derived from sugar cane. Bootstrap is the definition of a quality dedicated nano-roaster, with every bag carefully prepared by the roaster himself. Visit www.bootstrapcoffeeroasters.com for more information.
Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one are produced from distinctive traditional Ethiopian varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. Like virtually all southern Ethiopia coffees, this coffee is produced by villagers on small garden plots interplanted with food and other subsistence crops. Processed by the wet or washed method (fruit skin and pulp are removed before drying). Paradise Roasters specializes in micro-lot Arabica and Robusta coffees from Asia and other emerging origins. The company prides itself on quality and freshness, craft-roasting coffees in small batches only after orders are placed. Visit www.paradiseroasters.com or call 763-433-0626 for more information.
This exceptional coffee was selected as the No. 2 coffee on Coffee Review’s list of the Top 30 Coffees of 2017.  Hula Daddy is a boutique coffee producer with farms at the 1,400 and 2,500 foot levels of the Mount Hualalai volcano near the northern end of the Kona growing district, five minutes above the town of Kailua-Kona. This coffee was produced entirely from trees of the distinguished SL-28 variety of Arabica, the most celebrated of the Bourbon-derived tree varieties responsible for Kenya’s finest coffees. This SL-28 was grown at the higher elevation Hula Daddy farm and processed with the ferment step conducted “dry” (no water added to the tank) using a commercial yeast. It is a limited edition coffee only available for sale through the allocation list on the Hula Daddy website. Visit www.huladaddy.com or call 888-553-2339 for more information.
Produced from trees of the admired SL-28 and SL-34. Despite grower discontent and urban encroachment on prime coffee lands, Kenya continues to produce some of the world’s most elegant and distinctive coffees. Kakalove Café is a nano-roaster located in the small city of Chia-Yi in Taiwan that strives to procure and roast the finest quality coffee. Visit www.kakalovecafe.com.tw or email [email protected] for more information.
Despite grower discontent and urban encroachment on prime coffee lands, Kenya continues to produce some of the world’s most elegant and distinctive coffees. This coffee is the result of a partnership between the Othaya and Aguthi Cooperatives and Royal Coffee, intended to create a methodology for isolating and enhancing the highest quality coffees coming from these cooperatives. Produced from trees of the SL28, SL34, Ruiru 11 and Batian varieties of Arabica. AA is the highest grade of Kenya coffee based on bean size and freedom from physical imperfections. Jackrabbit Java selects the finest coffees from around the world and roasts them in Thermopolis, Wyoming’s mountain air. All Jackrabbit Java coffees are specialty-grade and roasted to order. Visit www.jackrabbitjava.com for more information.
Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one are produced from distinctive traditional Ethiopian varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. Like virtually all southern Ethiopia coffees, this coffee is produced by villagers on small garden plots interplanted with food and other subsistence crops. Processed by the wet or washed method (fruit skin and pulp are removed before drying). Kakalove Café is a nano-roaster located in the small city of Chia-Yi in Taiwan that strives to procure and roast the finest quality coffee. Visit www.kakalovecafe.com.tw or email [email protected] for more information.
A blend of coffees from Mexico, Ethiopia and Brazil. Propeller is a Toronto-based micro-roaster with a dedication to careful selection and exceptional craft roasting of high-end coffees. Visit www.propellercoffee.com or call 416-479-3771 for more information.
A blend of coffees from Mexico and Ethiopia. Propeller is a Toronto-based micro-roaster with a dedication to careful selection and exceptional craft roasting of high-end coffees. Visit www.propellercoffee.com or call 416-479-3771 for more information.
Produced by farmers of the Mutungati Cooperative from trees of the SL28, SL34, and Ruiru 11 varieties of Arabica. Despite grower discontent and urban encroachment on prime coffee lands, Kenya continues to produce some of the world’s most elegant and distinctive coffees. Propeller is a Toronto-based micro-roaster with a dedication to careful selection and exceptional craft roasting of high-end coffees. Visit www.propellercoffee.com or call 416-479-3771 for more information.
Produced by Juan Luis Barrios Ortega from trees of the Bourbon-derived Pache variety of Arabica. Processed by the dry or “natural” method, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit rather than after the fruit has been removed, as is the case with wet-processed or "washed" coffees. Chocolate Fish is a distinguished New-Zealand-inspired micro-roaster based in Sacramento California, focused on the best in both quality and integrity.Visit www.chocolatefishcoffee.com or call 916-451-5181 for more information.
Produced from trees of the SL28, SL34 and Ruiru 11 varieties of Arabica and processed by the wet or “washed” method, in which skin and fruit flesh are removed from the beans or seeds before they are dried. This sample consists entirely of peaberries, a kind of bean that results when the coffee fruit develops only a single, oval bean rather than the usual pair of flat-sided beans. Peaberries produce a somewhat different (often better) cup than normal beans from the same crop, from which they may or may not be separated during grading. Despite grower discontent and urban encroachment on prime coffee lands, Kenya continues to produce some of the world’s most elegant and distinctive coffees. Caffè Luxxe is an Italian-inflected artisan roaster and retailer that emphasizes both its coffee knowledge and precision and its straightforward lack of pretension. Visit www.caffeluxxe.com or call 310-394-2222 for more information.
Processed by the wet or “washed” method, in which skin and fruit flesh are removed from the beans or seeds before they are dried. Espresso Republic, founded in 2010, specializes in sourcing quality coffees and roasting them in small batches for both retail and wholesale customers. Visit www.espressorepublic.com for more information.
Produced by the smallholders of the New Ngariama Farmers Cooperative Society from trees of the SL-28, SL-34 and Ruiru 11 varieties of Arabica. Processed at Kamwangi Washing Station by the particularly meticulous Kenya variation on the traditional wet or “washed” method, in which skin and fruit flesh are removed from the beans or seeds before they are dried. Founded in 1990, Lexington Coffee is an award-winning artisan roasting company based in Virginia. Lexington’s focus on fresh, flavorful and sustainable coffee is reflected in its motto, “Fresh, Flavorful & Fair.” Visit www.lexingtoncoffee.com or call 800-322-6505 for more information.
Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one are produced from distinctive traditional Ethiopian varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. Like virtually all southern Ethiopia coffees, this coffee is produced by villagers on small garden plots interplanted with food and other subsistence crops. This is a dry-processed or “natural” coffee, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit rather than after the fruit has been removed, as is the case with wet-processed or “washed” coffees. Big Creek Coffee Roasters is a small, quality-oriented batch roaster located in Montana’s Bitterroot Valley. Visit www.bigcreekcoffeeroasters.com or call 406-375-7508 for more information.
This coffee tied for the second-highest rating in a tasting of 71 organic-certified coffees from Africa for Coffee Review’s November 2017 tasting report. Produced by the METAD farm and mill in southern Ethiopia. Southern Ethiopia produces distinctive coffees from traditional varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. This is a “natural” or dry-processed version, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit rather than after the fruit has been removed, as is the case with wet-processed or “washed” coffees. Certified USDA organic. Based in southern Oregon, Noble Coffee is a wholesale and retail roasting company focused on quality, social responsibility and environmental consciousness. Visit www.noblecoffeeroasting.com or call 541-488-3288 for more information.
This coffee tied for the second-highest rating in a tasting of 71 organic-certified coffees from Africa for Coffee Review’s November 2017 tasting report. Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one are produced from distinctive traditional Ethiopian varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. Like virtually all southern Ethiopia coffees, this coffee is produced by villagers on small garden plots interplanted with food and other subsistence crops. This is a dry-processed or “natural” coffee, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit rather than after the fruit has been removed, as is the case with wet-processed or “washed” coffees. Red E Cafe is a popular café  and roastery in Portland, Oregon. For more information, visit.www.theredecafe.com.
This coffee tied for the third-highest rating in a tasting of 71 organic-certified coffees from Africa for Coffee Review’s November 2017 tasting report. Yirgacheffe is a coffee region in southern Ethiopia that produces distinctive coffees from traditional varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. This is a “natural” or dry-processed version, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit, encouraging a flavor profile that is less predictable and deeper than the more familiar wet-processed floral- and citrus-toned Yirgacheffe profile. Like virtually all southern Ethiopia coffees, this coffee is produced by villagers on small, garden plots interplanted with food and other subsistence crops. Certified USDA organic. Named after the cofounders’ son, Ben, Ben’s Beans prides itself on ethical sourcing, as well as in donating a portion of proceeds to charities in the coffee-producing regions they work with. Visit www.bensbeans.org for more information.
Decaffeinated at the Descamex plant in Mexico by the “Mountain Water Process” which does not involve use of solvents. Espresso Republic, founded in 2010, specializes in sourcing quality coffees and roasting them in small batches for both retail and wholesale customers. Visit www.espressorepublic.com for more information.
This coffee tied for the fourth-highest rating in a tasting of holiday coffees for Coffee Review‘s December 2017 tasting report. Yirgacheffe is a coffee region in southern Ethiopia that produces distinctive coffees from traditional varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. This is a “natural” or dry-processed version, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit, encouraging a flavor profile that is less predictable and deeper than the more familiar wet-processed floral- and citrus-toned Yirgacheffe profile. Like virtually all southern Ethiopia coffees, produced by villagers on small, garden plots interplanted with food and other subsistence crops. Roast House is a small-batch, quality-focused roaster specializing in farm-direct organic-certified and Fair Trade Certified coffees. Visit roasthousecoffee.com or call 509-995-6500 for more information.
This coffee tied for the fourth-highest rating in a tasting of holiday coffees for Coffee Review‘s December 2017 tasting report. A blend of coffees from Ethiopia, Kenya and Colombia. Established in 2010, Red Rooster is an organic-certified micro-roaster focusing on socially conscious coffee and high-quality coffee. Visit redroostercoffee.com or call 540-745-7338 for more information.
This coffee tied for the fourth-highest rating in a tasting of holiday coffees for Coffee Review‘s December 2017 tasting report. Produced entirely from trees of the Bourbon variety of Arabica by small-holding farmers around Virunga Coffee, which began collaborating with local cooperatives in 2011 to improve the quality of coffee production in this emerging growing region in the far east of the Democratic Republic of the Congo, across Lake Kivu from Rwanda. This is a wet-processed or “washed” coffee, meaning the fruit skin and pulp were removed from the beans immediately after harvesting and before drying. Speckled Ax is a roaster based in Portland, Maine, specializing in high-quality certified organic and small-lot coffees. The company roasts in a vintage wood-fired Petroncini roaster with the goal of highlighting each coffee’s best attributes. Visit www.speckledax.com for more information.
This coffee tied for the fourth-highest rating in a tasting of holiday coffees for Coffee Review‘s December 2017 tasting report. A blend of two Ethiopia coffees (a wet-processed Banko Gotiti and a natural-processed Yirgacheffe Aricha), a honey-processed Costa Rica and a wet-processed Panama Elida Chiriqui. Roaster Yu Chih Hao is co-founder of Fumi Coffee, a new roaster in Hsinchu, Taiwan specializing in specialty coffee and homemade desserts. Visit https://m.facebook.com/fumicafe035586631/ for more information.
This coffee tied for the second-highest rating in a tasting of holiday coffees for Coffee Review‘s December 2017 tasting report. Produced by Thaitu Coffee Estate from trees of the SL28, SL34 and Ruiru 11 varieties of Arabica. Despite grower discontent and urban encroachment on prime coffee lands, Kenya continues to produce some of the world’s most elegant and distinctive coffees. Good Folks Coffee is a wholesale roaster based in Louisville, Kentucky. Visit www.goodfolkscoffee.com for more information.
This coffee tied for the third-highest rating in a tasting of holiday coffees for Coffee Review‘s December 2017 tasting report. A blend of Kenya coffees from two different cooperatives, Kamwangi and Kainamui, both produced from trees of the SL28 and Ruiru 11 varieties of Arabica. Flight Coffee (formerly CQ Coffee Roasters) is a coffee-loving, quality-focused roasting company based in Bedford, New Hampshire.Visit www.flightcoffeeco.com or call 603-836-6228 for more information.
This coffee tied for the fourth-highest rating in a tasting of holiday coffees for Coffee Review‘s December 2017 tasting report. Comprised entirely of the much admired, bold-bean Pacamara variety of Arabica, a cross between the giant-beaned Maragogipe variety and Pacas, a selection of the heirloom Bourbon. Processed by the honey method, which means that the outer skin of the coffee fruit is removed as it is in the wet or “washed” process, but at least some of the sticky fruit residue is allowed to dry on the bean and later removed by machine along with the parchment skin. Los Congos, established in 1997, is an award-winning farm run by the Paguaga family, leading Nicaraguan coffee producers for several generations. Dragonfly Coffee is a Boulder, Colorado-based micro-roaster that produces high-quality coffees and supports worthy causes. Visit www.dragonflycoffeeroasters.com or call 303-579-2154 for more information.
This coffee tied for the fourth-highest rating in a tasting of holiday coffees for Coffee Review‘s December 2017 tasting report. Produced by Ricardo and Gonzalo Hernandez entirely of beans from the rare Sudan Rume, a presumably very old variety of Arabica originally selected from wild trees growing on the Boma Plateau of Sudan, close to the border with Ethiopia. This is a wet-processed or “washed” version, meaning that the fruit skin and pulp were removed from the seeds or beans before they were dried. OQ Coffee is a New Jersey-based small-batch roasting company that emphasizes its commitment to coffee quality and community-building. Visit www.oqcoffee.com for more information.
This coffee tied for the third-highest rating in a tasting of holiday coffees for Coffee Review‘s December 2017 tasting report. Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one are produced from distinctive traditional Ethiopian varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. Like virtually all southern Ethiopia coffees, this coffee is produced by villagers on small garden plots interplanted with food and other subsistence crops. This is a dry-processed or “natural” coffee, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit rather than after the fruit has been removed, as is the case with wet-processed or “washed” coffees.  Green Stone Coffee is a woman-owned artisan roastery in Taipei, founded in 2016 and specializing in sourcing distinctive coffees that express their individual terroirs. Visit http://www.greenstone-coffee.com.tw/en/info.html for more information.
This exceptional coffee was selected as the No. 8 coffee on Coffee Review’s list of the Top 30 Coffees of 2017, and it earned the highest rating in a tasting of holiday coffees for Coffee Review‘s December 2017 tasting report. Produced from trees of the rare Ethiopia-derived botanical variety Gesha (also Geisha) by farmer Roberto Brenes of Auromar Estate. With its generally elongated beans and distinctive floral and crisp, often chocolaty cup, the Gesha variety continues to distinguish itself as one of the world’s most unique coffees. This is a dry-processed or “natural” Gesha, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit rather than after the fruit has been removed, as is the case with wet-processed or “washed” coffees. Willoughby’s Coffee & Tea is a pioneer specialty coffee roaster established in the early 1980s that has gracefully and successfully moved with the times and now offers a menu of extremely refined small-lot, single-origin coffees. Visit www.willoughbyscoffee.com or call 800-388-8400 for more information.
This exceptional coffee was selected as the No. 16 coffee on Coffee Review’s list of the Top 30 Coffees of 2017, and it tied for the second-highest rating in a tasting of holiday coffees for Coffee Review‘s December 2017 tasting report. Finca Kilimanjaro is an El Salvador farm named after East Africa’s highest peak by Aida Batlle, one of El Salvador’s (and Central America’s) most respected and innovative coffee producers. Finca Kilimanjaro is planted with the famous SL28 variety of Arabica, the variety that produces the finest coffees of Kenya. This a dry-processed or “natural” coffee, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit rather than after the fruit has been removed, as is the case with wet-processed or “washed” coffees. Based in the San Diego area, Bird Rock Coffee Roasters is a retailer and wholesaler focused on organic and socially responsible coffees; it was awarded the “2012 Micro-Roaster of the Year” title from Roast Magazine. Visit www.birdrockcoffee.com or call 858-551-1707 for more information.
This coffee tied for the third-highest rating in a tasting of holiday coffees for Coffee Review‘s December 2017 tasting report. Produced entirely from trees of the respected Catuai variety of Arabica. The Lamastus family’s Elida Estate averages the highest growing elevations in Panama: 5,500 to 8,200 feet (1,700 to 2,500 meters). This is a “natural” or dry-processed coffee, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit, encouraging a flavor profile that is sweeter and deeper-toned than the more familiar wet-processed coffees of Panama. Founded in 1995, Equator Coffees & Teas is a women-owned wholesale coffee roasting company that focuses on sustainability in coffee-sourcing and business practices. Visit www.equatorcoffees.com or call 800-809-7687 for more information.
Despite grower discontent and urban encroachment on prime coffee lands, Kenya continues to produce some of the world’s most elegant and distinctive coffees. JBC Coffee Roasters’ vision is simple: “let the coffee lead the way” through sourcing and roasting the best and most unique coffees available and rewarding the farmers who grow those coffees with substantial premiums. Visit www.jbccoffeeroasters.com or call 608-256-5282 for more information.
This exceptional coffee was selected as the No. 7 coffee on Coffee Review’s list of the Top 30 Coffees of 2017. Produced by Heakyung Kang Burneskis of Finca Don Julian in full rustic shade and processed by the traditional wet or “washed” method, in which skin and fruit flesh are removed from the beans or seeds before they are dried. This lot is comprised entirely of the much admired, bold-bean Pacamara variety of Arabica, a cross between the giant-beaned Maragogipe variety and Pacas, a selection of the heirloom Bourbon. Willoughby’s Coffee & Tea is a pioneer specialty coffee roaster established in the early 1980s that has gracefully and successfully moved with the times and now offers a menu of extremely refined small-lot, single-origin coffees. Visit www.willoughbyscoffee.com or call 800-388-8400 for more information.
This exceptional coffee was selected as the No. 10 coffee on Coffee Review’s list of the Top 30 Coffees of 2017. Bourbon Pointu, botanical name var. Laurina, is a rare variety of Arabica that is a natural mutation of the famous Bourbon variety first selected on Reunion Island in the Indian Ocean. The Bourbon Pointu is famous for its natural low levels of caffeine, bean shape (small and tending to be pointed at the ends, hence “pointu”), and pungently fruit-toned, Bourbon-like cup. This version was produced in Kona, Hawaii and processed with the ferment step conducted “dry” (no water added to the tank) using a commercial yeast. Hula Daddy is a boutique coffee producer with farms at the 1,400 and 2,500 foot levels of the Mount Hualalai volcano near the northern end of the Kona growing district, five minutes above the town of Kailua-Kona. This rare coffee is only available on the Hula Daddy website through their allocation list. Visit www.huladaddy.com or call 888-553-2339 for more information.
Produced on the single-family Muchoki Estate from trees of the admired Bourbon-derived SL-28 variety of Arabica together with the Ruiru 11 variety. AB is the second-highest grade of Kenya coffee based on bean size and freedom from physical defects. Despite grower discontent, confusing government coffee policy and urban encroachment on prime coffee lands, Kenya continues to produce some of the world’s most elegant and distinctive coffees. Klatch Coffee is an award-winning small-batch roasting company in the Los Angeles area with a long list of recognitions and awards achieved both by the company and by key team members, like resident trainer Heather Perry, who won both the 2003 and 2007 United States Barista Championships brewing a Klatch Coffee espresso blend, and Klatch Wholesale Account Manager Todd Goldsworthy, two-time United States Brewers Cup winner. Visit www.klatchroasting.com or call 877-455-2824 for more information.
Paradise Roasters specializes in micro-lot Arabica and Robusta coffees from Asia and other emerging origins. The company prides itself on quality and freshness, craft-roasting coffees in small batches only after orders are placed. Visit www.paradiseroasters.com or call 763-433-0626 for more information.
This exceptional coffee was selected as the No. 22 coffee on Coffee Review’s list of the Top 30 Coffees of 2017. With its generally elongated beans and distinctive floral and crisp, often chocolaty cup, the Gesha (also Geisha) variety continues to distinguish itself as one of the world’s most unique coffees. This a dry-processed or "natural" coffee, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit rather than after the fruit has been removed, as is the case with wet-processed or "washed" coffees. It was produced by farmer Edwin Santamaria, and took third place in the 2017 Best of Panama green coffee competition in the Geisha Natural category. Campos Coffee is committed to sourcing the finest coffees, with a focus on ethical and sustainable practices. Campos has locations in New South Wales, Victoria and Queensland, as well as Park City and Salt Lake City, Utah. For more information, visit camposcoffee.com.
Ka’u is an emerging Hawaii coffee-growing district centered approximately 30 miles southeast of the famous Kona region. This Ka’u is produced by the Palehua Ohana Cooperative of small-holding Ka’u farmers, an organization dedicated to impeccable socio-economic and environmental practices. It was processed using the wet or “washed” method, in which skin and fruit flesh are removed from the beans or seeds before they are dried. Visit www.kauspecialtycoffee.com for more information.
Yirgacheffe is a coffee region in southern Ethiopia that produces distinctive coffees from traditional varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. This is a “natural” or dry-processed version, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit, encouraging a flavor profile that is less predictable and deeper than the more familiar wet-processed floral- and citrus-toned Yirgacheffe profile. Like virtually all southern Ethiopia coffees, produced by villagers on small, garden plots interplanted with food and other subsistence crops. In addition to his retail roasting operation, Aroma Roast Coffees, Simon Hsieh also operates Soaring Phoenix Trading, a business focused on purpose-built commercial espresso blends and high quality single-origin coffees. Visit www.facebook.com/4ArtsZeroDefectCoffees or call 886-0983-749876 for more information.
Produced by growers associated with the Karinga wet mill or washing station. Despite grower discontent, contested government coffee policy and urban encroachment on prime coffee lands, the famed Kenya coffee auction system and its participating cooperatives continue to produce some of the world's most elegant and distinctive coffees. Processed by a particularly meticulous Kenya variation on the traditional wet or “washed” method, in which skin and fruit flesh are removed from the beans or seeds before they are dried. The company name Amavida combines the Spanish words for love and life, reflecting Amavida’s multifaceted commitment to fairness and fine coffee.Visit www.amavida.com or call 850-213-1965 for more information.
Doi Pangkhon is an emerging growing district in the Golden Triangle region of northern Thailand. This Arabica coffee from classic cultivars was processed by a particularly meticulous version of the wet or “washed” method, in which skin and fruit flesh are removed from the beans or seeds before they are dried. It was roasted in a style intended for both espresso and non-espresso brewing methods. Paradise Roasters specializes in micro-lot Arabica and Robusta coffees from Asia and other emerging origins. The company prides itself on quality and freshness, craft-roasting coffees in small batches only after orders are placed. Visit www.paradiseroasters.com or call 763-433-0626 for more information.
Coffees from the northern part of the Indonesian island of Sumatra are admired for their complex earth and fruit notes that appear to result largely from unorthodox fruit removal and drying practices called “wet hulling.” This is a splendid example of the potential of the type. Ulos Batak is the name applied by the cooperative exporter Klasik Beans to a premium grade of its small-producer wet-hulled coffee from the Lintong region south of Lake Toba. Lintong is one of the longest-established growing regions in Sumatra and probably the most admired. JBC Coffee Roasters’ vision is simple: “let the coffee lead the way” through sourcing and roasting the best and most unique coffees available and rewarding the farmers who grow those coffees with substantial premiums. Visit www.jbccoffeeroasters.com or call 608-256-5282 for more information.
Produced by the Resguardo Indigena Nasa We’sx indigenous community in Gaitania, Colombia, associated with the Paez and Nasa tribes of southern Cauca. From trees of the Castillo, Caturra, Colombia and Typica varieties of Arabica. This coffee is organic and Fair Trade certified, the latter meaning it was purchased from small-holding farmers at a “fair” or economically sustainable price. It is a wet-processed or “washed” coffee, meaning the fruit skin and pulp were removed from the beans immediately after harvesting and before drying. JBC Coffee Roasters’ vision is simple: “let the coffee lead the way” through sourcing and roasting the best and most unique coffees available and rewarding the farmers who grow those coffees with substantial premiums. Visit www.jbccoffeeroasters.com or call 608-256-5282 for more information.
Coffee from trees of the botanical variety Gesha (also Geisha) grown on Price Peterson’s Hacienda La Esmeralda in Panama first introduced this extraordinary variety of Arabica to the world. With its bold, boat-shaped beans and distinctive floral and crisply cacao-toned cup, the Gesha continues to be one of the world’s most sought-after coffees, and the Esmeralda versions remain among the most authentic. This is a wet-processed or “washed” version, meaning the fruit skin and pulp were removed from the beans immediately after harvesting and before drying. Roasted at PT’s Coffee, where the motto is “without the love, it’s just coffee.” Visit www.ptscoffee.com or call 888-678-5282 for more information.
Produced from trees of the rare Ethiopia-derived botanical variety Gesha (also Geisha) by farmer Roberto Brenes of Auromar Estate. With its generally elongated beans and distinctive floral and crisp, often chocolaty cup, the Gesha variety continues to distinguish itself as one of the world’s most unique coffees. This is a dry-processed or “natural” Gesha, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit rather than after the fruit has been removed, as is the case with wet-processed or “washed” coffees. Roasted at PT’s Coffee, where the motto is “without the love, it’s just coffee.” Visit www.ptscoffee.com or call 888-678-5282 for more information.
Haraz (also Haraaz, other spellings) is a celebrated coffee growing region in north-central Yemen, west of the capital of Sana’a. Although Ethiopia is the botanical home of Coffea Arabica, Yemen introduced the beverage to the rest of the world in the 16th and 17th centuries, and Yemeni coffee is still grown from ancient heirloom cultivars of arabica on stone-walled terraces ringing fortress-like mountaintop villages. All Yemen coffees are natural-processed, or dried in the whole fruit. Roasted at PT’s Coffee, where the motto is “without the love, it’s just coffee.” Visit www.ptscoffee.com or call 888-678-5282 for more information.
Certified organic. Produced entirely from trees of the Kona Typica variety of Arabica. This is a “natural” or dry-processed coffee, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit, encouraging a flavor profile that is sweeter and deeper-toned than profiles associated with the more typical wet or “washed” process (fruit is removed before drying). Hala Tree Coffee is a family-owned organic Kona coffee farm located near Captain Cook village, in the heart of the Kona coffee belt, overlooking historic Kealakekua Bay. The USDA organic-certified property now produces 100% Kona coffee that is processed and roasted on site to ensure quality in each bag of coffee. For more information, visit www.halatreecoffee.com.
Produced by the Ortega family entirely from trees of the heirloom Bourbon variety of Arabica. This is a wet-processed or “washed” coffee, meaning the fruit skin and pulp were removed from the beans immediately after harvesting and before drying. Chocolate Fish is a distinguished New-Zealand-inspired micro-roaster based in Sacramento California, focused on the best in both quality and integrity.Visit www.chocolatefishcoffee.com or call 916-451-5181 for more information.
Produced by Markus Fisher at Finca La Bastilla entirely from trees of the respected Red Catuai variety of Arabica. Processed by the wet or “washed” method, in which skin and fruit flesh are removed from the beans or seeds before they are dried. Barrington Coffee is an artisan roaster dedicated to elite coffees, fresh delivery and roasting that foregrounds the coffee and not the roast. Visit www.barringtoncoffee.com or call 800-528-0998 for more information.
Produced by smallholding farmers from trees of the Ruiru 11, Batian, SL28 and SL34 varieties of Arabica. Despite grower discontent and urban encroachment on prime coffee lands, Kenya continues to produce some of the world’s most elegant and distinctive coffees. This particular sample consists entirely of peaberries, a kind of bean that results when the coffee fruit develops only a single, oval bean rather than the usual pair of flat-sided beans. Peaberries produce a somewhat different (often better) cup than normal beans from the same crop, from which they may or may not be separated during grading. Speckled Ax is a roaster based in Portland, Maine, specializing in high-quality certified organic and small-lot coffees. The company roasts in a vintage wood-fired Petroncini roaster with the goal of highlighting each coffee’s best attributes. Visit www.speckledax.com for more information.
Honduras, until recently a largely overlooked Central American coffee origin, has been producing increasing volumes of fine coffee over the past decade. Produced entirely from trees of the Catuai variety of Arabica and processed by the honey method, which means that the outer skin of the coffee fruit is removed as it is in the wet or “washed” process, but at least some of the sticky fruit residue is allowed to dry on the bean and later removed by machine along with the parchment skin. Kakalove Café is a nano-roaster located in the small city of Chia-Yi in Taiwan that strives to procure and roast the finest quality coffee. Visit www.kakalovecafe.com.tw or email [email protected] for more information.
Produced by smallholding farmers from trees of the Ruiru 11, Batian, SL28 and SL34 varieties of Arabica. Despite grower discontent and urban encroachment on prime coffee lands, Kenya continues to produce some of the world’s most elegant and distinctive coffees. Espresso Republic, founded in 2010, specializes in sourcing quality coffees and roasting them in small batches for both retail and wholesale customers. Visit www.espressorepublic.com for more information.
Honduras, until recently a largely overlooked Central American coffee origin, has been producing increasing volumes of fine coffee over the past decade. Produced entirely from trees of the Paraneima variety of Arabica; a wet-processed or “washed” coffee, meaning the fruit skin and pulp were removed from the beans immediately after harvesting and before drying. Kakalove Café is a nano-roaster located in the small city of Chia-Yi in Taiwan that strives to procure and roast the finest quality coffee. Visit www.kakalovecafe.com.tw or email [email protected] for more information.
Despite grower discontent and urban encroachment on prime coffee lands, Kenya continues to produce some of the world’s most elegant and distinctive coffees. AA is the highest grade of Kenya coffee based on freedom from physical imperfections and bean size. The WestBean is a San Diego-based roastery founded by two friends with a passion for coffee and a determination to bring their customers the highest quality hand-crafted coffee possible. Visit www.thewestbean.com or call 619-709-3232 for more information.
Coffees from the Yirgacheffe region are produced from distinctive traditional Ethiopian varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. Like virtually all southern Ethiopia coffees, this coffee is produced by villagers on small garden plots interplanted with food and other subsistence crops. Processed by the wet or washed method (fruit skin and pulp are removed before drying). Mystic Monk Coffee is a small-batch roaster associated with a Carmelite monastery located in the Rocky Mountains of northern Wyoming. The monks emphasize an artisan approach to roasting and a commitment to quality. Visit www.mysticmonkcoffee.com or call 877-751-6377 for more information.
Produced from trees of the heirloom Bourbon variety of Arabica. Epiphanie Mukashyaka established the now famous Bufcafe washing station or wet mill following the Rwandan genocide and the loss of most of her family. She and her son now operate two wet mills and a dry mill in the area. Processed by the conventional wet or “washed” method, in which skin and fruit flesh are removed from the beans or seeds before they are dried. JBC Coffee Roasters’ vision is simple: “let the coffee lead the way” through sourcing and roasting the best and most unique coffees available and rewarding the farmers who grow those coffees with substantial premiums. Visit www.jbccoffeeroasters.com or call 608-256-5282 for more information.
Produced from trees of local strains of the heirloom Bourbon variety of Arabica. Epiphanie Mukashyaka established the now famous Bufcafe washing station or wet mill following the Rwandan genocide and the loss of most of her family. She and her son now operate two wet mills and a dry mill in the area. Processed by the conventional wet or “washed” method, in which skin and fruit flesh are removed from the beans or seeds before they are dried. JBC Coffee Roasters’ vision is simple: “let the coffee lead the way” through sourcing and roasting the best and most unique coffees available and rewarding the farmers who grow those coffees with substantial premiums. Visit www.jbccoffeeroasters.com or call 608-256-5282 for more information.
Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one are produced from traditional Ethiopian varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. This is a wet-processed or “washed” coffee, meaning the fruit skin and pulp were removed from the beans immediately after harvesting and before drying. Like virtually all southern Ethiopia coffees, this coffee is produced by villagers on small, garden plots interplanted with food and other subsistence crops. JBC Coffee Roasters’ vision is simple: “let the coffee lead the way” through sourcing and roasting the best and most unique coffees available and rewarding the farmers who grow those coffees with substantial premiums. Visit www.jbccoffeeroasters.com or call 608-256-5282 for more information.
The cup profile of this coffee owes its originality to a complex, overlapping set of influences. First, tree variety: It was produced from heirloom varieties grown only in southern Ethiopia. Second, processing method: It was processed using a variation of the honey method, in which only the skins are removed from the coffee fruit and the beans are dried still enveloped in all or part of the fruit pulp. Finally, the beans were exposed to cultured strains of bacteria extracted from the excrement of the civet cat, making this a laboratory version of the famous kopi luwak, the coffee passed through the intestines of a civet cat or luwak. Good Chance Biotechnology., Ltd. is a Taiwan-based specialty coffee company. For more information, visit http://www.magiccat.pro/ or email [email protected]
The cup profile of this coffee owes its originality to a complex, overlapping set of influences. First, tree variety: It was produced from heirloom varieties grown only in southern Ethiopia. Second, processing method: It is a “natural” or dry-processed coffee, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit, encouraging a flavor profile that is sweeter and deeper-toned than profiles associated with the more typical wet or “washed” process the which the soft fruit residue is removed before drying. Finally, the beans were exposed to cultured strains of bacteria extracted from the excrement of the civet cat, making this a laboratory version of the famous kopi luwak, the coffee passed through the intestines of a civet cat or luwak. Good Chance Biotechnology., Ltd. is a Taiwan-based specialty coffee company. For more information, visit http://www.magiccat.pro/ or email [email protected]
Ka’u is an emerging Hawaii coffee-growing district centered approximately 30 miles southeast of the famous Kona region. This Ka’u is produced by the Palehua Ohana Cooperative of small-holding Ka’u farmers, an organization dedicated to impeccable socio-economic and environmental practices. Carbonic maceration is an innovative variation on the wet or “washed” method, in which the whole coffee fruit is fermented in a carbon-dioxide rich environment before the fruit residue is removed and the beans are dried. The goal is to improve the clarity and sweetness of fruit notes. The method is being pioneered by Sasa Sestic, an Australian barista champion. Visit www.kauspecialtycoffee.com for more information.
Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one are produced from distinctive traditional Ethiopian varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. Like virtually all southern Ethiopia coffees, this coffee is produced by villagers on small garden plots interplanted with food and other subsistence crops. This is a dry-processed or “natural” coffee, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit rather than after the fruit has been removed, as is the case with wet-processed or “washed” coffees. This coffee is certified organically grown and Fair Trade Certified, meaning it was purchased from small-holding farmers at a “fair” or economically sustainable price. Established in 2010, Red Rooster is an organic-certified micro-roaster focusing on socially conscious coffee and high-quality coffee. Visit redroostercoffee.com or call 540-745-7338 for more information.
Produced by David Gomez of of El Balso Farm entirely from trees of the Caturra variety of Arabica. Like almost all Colombia coffees, this coffee is wet-processed or “washed,” meaning the fruit skin and pulp were removed from the beans immediately after harvesting and before drying. Huila is one of Colombia’s most respected coffee-growing regions. Husband and wife team Samantha and Weston Nawrocki founded Manzanita Roasting on their family’s 127-year-old winery in San Diego. Committed to quality direct-trade sourcing and skillful roasting, they are happy to be a part of what they call San Diego’s new “coffee frontier.” Visit www.manzanitaroasting.com for more information.
Regrettably, this fine coffee sold out before the publication of our review. Produced from trees of the rare Ethiopia-derived botanical variety Gesha (also Geisha) by farmer Roberto Brenes of Auromar Estate. With its generally elongated beans and distinctive floral and crisp, often chocolaty cup, the Gesha variety continues to distinguish itself as one of the world’s most unique coffees. This is a dry-processed or “natural” Gesha, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit rather than after the fruit has been removed, as is the case with wet-processed or “washed” coffees. This sample also consists entirely of peaberries, a kind of bean that results when the coffee fruit develops only a single, oval bean rather than the usual pair of flat-sided beans. Peaberries produce a somewhat different (often better) cup than normal beans from the same crop, from which they may or may not be separated during grading. Based in the San Diego area, Bird Rock Coffee Roasters is a retailer and wholesaler focused on organic and socially responsible coffees; it was awarded the “2012 Micro-Roaster of the Year” title from Roast Magazine. Visit www.birdrockcoffee.com or call 858-551-1707 for more information.
Coffees from the northern part of the Indonesian island of Sumatra are valued for their complex aromatic wood and fruit notes that appear to result largely from unorthodox fruit removal and drying practices called “wet-hulling.” This is a refined example of the type. A.R.C., whose motto is “more than specialty,” rigorously controls three vital elements: sourcing of green coffee, roasting, and, in cafe environments, water quality for brewed coffee. For more information, visit http://www.arc.coffee/en/index.html.
Produced from trees of the rare Ethiopia-derived botanical variety Gesha (also Geisha) by the Hartmann family. With its generally elongated beans and distinctive floral and crisp, often chocolaty cup, the Gesha variety continues to distinguish itself as one of the world’s most unique coffees. This is a dry-processed or “natural” Gesha, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit rather than after the fruit has been removed, as is the case with wet-processed or “washed” coffees. Temple Coffee is a quality-focused retail and wholesale specialty roaster active in Sacramento, California since 2005. Committed to sourcing, roasting and brewing the finest coffees, Temple features coffee from distinguished single estates and cooperatives around the world. Visit www.templecoffee.com or call 916-454-1282 for more information.
Yirgacheffe is a coffee region in southern Ethiopia that produces distinctive coffees from traditional varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. Processed by the wet or washed method (fruit skin and pulp are removed before drying).Like virtually all southern Ethiopia coffees, this coffee is produced by villagers on small, garden plots interplanted with food and other subsistence crops. Temple Coffee is a quality-focused retail and wholesale specialty roaster active in Sacramento, California since 2005. Committed to sourcing, roasting and brewing the finest coffees, Temple features coffee from distinguished single estates and cooperatives around the world. Visit www.templecoffee.com or call 916-454-1282 for more information.
Produced by the father-son team of Alberto and Diego Guardia from trees of the Venecia variety, a mutant selection of the sturdy, compact-growing Caturra that withstands heavy rains, among other agronomic virtues. An unusually refined example of a dry-processed or “natural” coffee, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit rather than after the fruit has been removed, as is the case with wet-processed or “washed” coffees. Temple Coffee is a quality-focused retail and wholesale specialty roaster active in Sacramento, California since 2005. Committed to sourcing, roasting and brewing the finest coffees, Temple features coffee from distinguished single estates and cooperatives around the world. Visit www.templecoffee.com or call 916-454-1282 for more information.
This exceptional coffee was selected as the No. 18 coffee on Coffee Review’s list of the Top 30 Coffees of 2018. Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one are produced from traditional Ethiopian varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. It was processed by the wet or washed method (fruit skin and pulp are removed before drying). Southern Ethiopia coffees processed by this method typically express great aromatic complexity and intensity, with a particular emphasis on floral notes. In addition to his retail roasting operation, Aroma Roast Coffees, Simon Hsieh also operates Soaring Phoenix Trading, a business focused on purpose-built commercial espresso blends and high quality single-origin coffees. Visit www.facebook.com/4ArtsZeroDefectCoffees or call 886-0983-749876 for more information.
Magnolia Coffee is a Charlotte, North Carolina-based specialty roaster whose motto is “Craft Roasted. Truly Delicious. Socially Conscious.” Magnolia Coffee focuses on direct-trade coffees that make a difference in the lives of the coffee harvesters and the local communities they serve.Visit www.magnoliacoffeeco.com or call 704-651-7726 for more information.
Founded in August 2016, Charlotte Coffee Company donates 10 percent of proceeds from all retail sales to local non-profits dedicated to ending homelessness and hunger. Visit www.charlottecoffeeco.com for more information.
Yirgacheffe is a coffee region in southern Ethiopia that produces distinctive coffees from traditional varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. This is a “natural” or dry-processed version, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit, encouraging a flavor profile that is less predictable and deeper than the more familiar wet-processed floral- and citrus-toned Yirgacheffe profile. Like virtually all southern Ethiopia coffees, this coffee is produced by villagers on small, garden plots interplanted with food and other subsistence crops. The WestBean is a San Diego-based roastery founded by two friends with a passion for coffee and a determination to bring their customers the highest quality hand-crafted coffee possible. Visit www.thewestbean.com or call 619-709-3232 for more information.
Produced by approximately 980 members of the Baragwi Farmers Cooperative Society from the SL28, SL34, Ruiru 11 and Batian varieties of Arabica. Despite grower discontent, contested government coffee policy and urban encroachment on prime coffee lands, the famed Kenya coffee auction system and its participating cooperatives continue to produce some of the world’s most elegant and distinctive coffees. Revel Coffee is a micro-roaster located in Billings, Montana. Its motto: “Quality is paramount—a difference you can revel in.” Visit www.revelcoffee.com or call 406-534-9621 for more information.
Produced by Omar Arango in the Tolima Department of Colombia from trees of the respected Caturra and Catuai varieties of Arabica. This is a wet-processed or “washed” coffee, meaning the fruit skin and pulp were removed from the beans immediately after harvesting and before drying. Chocolate Fish is a distinguished New-Zealand-inspired micro-roaster based in Sacramento California, focused on the best in both quality and integrity. Visit www.chocolatefishcoffee.com or call 916-451-5181 for more information.
Produced by about 150 small-holding farmers of the remote Biftu Gundina Cooperative. Ethiopia coffees like this one are produced from distinctive traditional Ethiopian varieties of Arabica long grown in their regions. Produced by villagers on small garden plots interplanted with food and other subsistence crops. This is a dry-processed or “natural” coffee, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit rather than after the fruit has been removed, as is the case with wet-processed or “washed” coffees. Kakalove Café is a nano-roaster located in the small city of Chia-Yi in Taiwan that strives to procure and roast the finest quality coffee. Visit www.kakalovecafe.com.tw or email [email protected] for more information.
Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one are produced from distinctive traditional Ethiopian varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. Like virtually all southern Ethiopia coffees, this coffee is produced by villagers on small garden plots interplanted with food and other subsistence crops. This is a dry-processed or “natural” version, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit rather than after the fruit has been removed, as is the case with wet-processed or “washed” coffees. Kakalove Café is a nano-roaster located in the small city of Chia-Yi in Taiwan that strives to procure and roast the finest quality coffee. Visit www.kakalovecafe.com.tw or email [email protected] for more information.
Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one are produced from distinctive traditional Ethiopian varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. Like virtually all southern Ethiopia coffees, this coffee is produced by villagers on small garden plots interplanted with food and other subsistence crops. This is a dry-processed or “natural” coffee, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit rather than after the fruit has been removed, as is the case with wet-processed or “washed” coffees. Kakalove Café is a nano-roaster located in the small city of Chia-Yi in Taiwan that strives to procure and roast the finest quality coffee. Visit www.kakalovecafe.com.tw or email [email protected] for more information.
This exceptional coffee was selected as the No. 30 coffee on Coffee Review’s list of the Top 30 Coffees of 2018. Produced by Gilmer Córdova at Agua Colorado farm from trees of the Red and Yellow Caturra varieties of Arabica. This coffee won sixth place at the 2017 Peru Cup of Excellence. Processed by the conventional wet or “washed” method, in which skin and fruit flesh are removed from the beans or seeds before they are dried. Established in 2010, Red Rooster is an organic-certified micro-roaster focusing on socially conscious coffee and high-quality coffee. Visit redroostercoffee.com or call 540-745-7338 for more information.
A blend of coffees from El Salvador and Indonesia. This coffee tied for the third-highest rating in a cupping of blends for Coffee Review‘s February 2018 tasting report. Based in the San Diego area, Bird Rock Coffee Roasters is a retailer and wholesaler focused on organic and socially responsible coffees; it was awarded the “2012 Micro-Roaster of the Year” title by Roast Magazine. Visit www.birdrockcoffee.com or call 858-551-1707 for more information.
A blend of two coffees: a Colombia Cauca and Kenya Karamundi. This coffee tied for the third-highest rating in a cupping of blends for Coffee Review‘s February 2018 tasting report. Revel Coffee is a micro-roaster located in Billings, Montana. Its motto: “Quality is paramount — a difference you can revel in.” Visit www.revelcoffee.com or call 406-534-9621 for more information.
Certified USDA organic. A blend of two coffees from Costa Rica and Ethiopia. This coffee tied for the third-highest rating in a cupping of blends for Coffee Review‘s February 2018 tasting report. Roast House is a small-batch, quality-focused roaster specializing in farm-direct organic-certified and Fair Trade certified coffees. Visit roasthousecoffee.com or call 509-995-6500 for more information.
A blend of three coffees: a Central America, a South America and an Indonesia. This coffee earned the top rating in a cupping of blends for Coffee Review‘s February 2018 tasting report. Water Avenue Coffee is a tiny roastery nestled next to the railway in the old Industrial Southeast quarter in Portland, Oregon. Visit www.wateravenuecoffee.com or call 503-808-7083 for more information.
A blend of four coffees: a wet-processed Guatemala; a wet-processed El Salvador; and both a wet-processed- and natural-processed Ethiopia. This coffee tied for the second-highest rating in a cupping of blends for Coffee Review‘s February 2018 tasting report. Corvus Coffee Roasters is based in Denver, Colorado and specializes in rare and exclusive coffees from some of the finest growers in the world. Corvus particularly focuses on processing methods and selective harvesting, which result in small, seasonal micro-lots of uniquely sweet, vibrant, and clean flavor profiles. For more information, visit www.corvuscoffee.com.
A blend of coffees from Kenya and Ethiopia. This coffee tied for the second-highest rating in a cupping of blends for Coffee Review‘s February 2018 tasting report. Founded by Paul Massard and Chris Nolte, Per’la focuses on meticulous sourcing and roasting fine coffees in small batches. Visit www.drinkperla.com for more information.
A blend comprised of four coffees: two Ethiopias, one washed- and one natural-processed; a Kenya; and a honey-processed El Salvador. This coffee tied for the second-highest rating in a cupping of blends for Coffee Review‘s February 2018 tasting report. Kakalove Café is a nano-roaster located in the small city of Chia-Yi in Taiwan that strives to procure and roast the finest quality coffee. Visit www.kakalovecafe.com.tw or email [email protected] for more information.
A blend of four coffees: Panama Finca Deborah Caturra Natural; Panama Finca Hartmann Natural Geisha; Panama Finca Lerida Natural Geisha; and Ethiopia Sidamo Mulish Natural. This coffee tied for the second-highest rating in a cupping of blends for Coffee Review‘s February 2018 tasting report. Temple Coffee is a quality-focused retail and wholesale specialty roaster active in Sacramento, California since 2005. Committed to sourcing, roasting and brewing the finest coffees, Temple features coffee from distinguished single estates and cooperatives around the world. Visit www.templecoffee.com or call 916-454-1282 for more information.
Produced by Juan Luis Barrios Ortega mainly from trees of the heirloom Bourbon and Typica varieties. Processed by the dry or “natural” method, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit rather than after the fruit has been removed, as is the case with wet-processed or "washed" coffees. Located in southwestern Colorado, Durango Coffee lays claim to a rich coffee history that dates to 1986. Its motto is “Tough Town, Great Coffee.” Visit www.durangocoffee.com or call 800-748-2275 for more information.
Organic and fair trade certified. Produced by members of the the ASCI’SP cooperative from mixed varieties of Arabica, and processed by the conventional wet or “washed” method, in which skin and fruit flesh are removed from the beans or seeds before they are dried. JBC Coffee Roasters’ vision is simple: “let the coffee lead the way” through sourcing and roasting the best and most unique coffees available and rewarding the farmers who grow those coffees with substantial premiums. Visit www.jbccoffeeroasters.com or call 608-256-5282 for more information.
Produced from locally naturalized cultivars of the heirloom Bourbon variety of Arabica and processed at the now famous Bufcafe mills. Epiphanie Mukashyaka established the first Bufcafe washing station or wet mill following the Rwandan genocide and the loss of most of her family. She and her son now operate two wet mills and a dry mill in the area. Processed by the conventional wet or “washed” method, in which skin and fruit flesh are removed from the beans or seeds before they are dried. A wet-processed or “washed” coffee, meaning the fruit skin and pulp were removed from the beans immediately after harvesting and before drying using a particularly complex dry-ferment, wash and soak procedure popular in Rwanda. Located in southwestern Colorado, Durango Coffee lays claim to a rich coffee history that dates to 1986. Its motto is “Tough Town, Great Coffee.” Visit www.durangocoffee.com or call 800-748-2275 for more information.
This exceptional coffee was selected as the No. 13 coffee on Coffee Review’s list of the Top 30 Coffees of 2018. This coffee is available exclusively as a part of the Barrington Coffee Curated Collection, four ounces each of three distinguished coffees for $29.95. This selection is produced by Desta Gola, a member of the of the Adame Gorbota Cooperative in the celebrated Yirgacheffe growing region. Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one are produced from distinctive traditional Ethiopian varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. This is a wet-processed or “washed” version, meaning the fruit skin and pulp were removed from the beans immediately after harvesting and before drying. Barrington Coffee is an artisan roaster dedicated to elite coffees, fresh delivery and roasting that foregrounds the coffee and not the roast. Visit www.barringtoncoffee.com or call 800-528-0998 for more information.
This coffee is available exclusively as a part of the Barrington Coffee Curated Collection, four ounces each of three distinguished coffees for $29.95. This selection is produced by Francisca and Oscar Chacon at Las Lajas farm from trees of the Caturra, Catuai and Villa Sarchi varieties of Arabica and processed by the red honey method. With all honey processing methods, some sweet pulp or fruit flesh (“honey”) is allowed to adhere to the beans during drying. In the red honey variation, all or almost all of the pulp is allowed to dry on the beans, rather than only a portion of it, as would be the case with yellow honey. Barrington Coffee is an artisan roaster dedicated to elite coffees, fresh delivery and roasting that foregrounds the coffee and not the roast. Visit www.barringtoncoffee.com or call 800-528-0998 for more information.
This coffee is available exclusively as a part of the Barrington Coffee Curated Collection, four ounces each of three distinguished coffees for $29.95. This rare Nepal coffee is produced by Mingma Dorji Sherpa at Lekali Coffee Estate from trees of the Caturra and Typica varieties of Arabica. This is a wet-processed or “washed” coffee, meaning the fruit skin and pulp were removed from the beans immediately after harvesting and before drying. Barrington Coffee is an artisan roaster dedicated to elite coffees, fresh delivery and roasting that foregrounds the coffee and not the roast. Visit www.barringtoncoffee.com or call 800-528-0998 for more information.
Produced by Martin Urena of La Chumeca Farm entirely from trees of the respected Red Catuai variety of Arabica. This is a dry-processed or “natural” coffee, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit rather than after the fruit has been removed, as is the case with wet-processed or “washed” coffees. Caffè Luxxe is an Italian-inflected artisan roaster and retailer that emphasizes both its coffee knowledge and precision and its straightforward lack of pretension. Visit www.caffeluxxe.com or call 310-394-2222 for more information.
This coffee was sourced by the importer Royal Coffee, decaffeinated at the Descamex plant in Mexico by a water-only process that does not involve use of solvents, and sold to roasters under the name “Royal Select Water Decaf.” Certified organically grown and Fair Trade, meaning it was purchased at a formula-determined “fair” or economically sustainable price. Jackrabbit Java selects the finest coffees from around the world and roasts them in Thermopolis, Wyoming’s mountain air. All Jackrabbit Java coffees are specialty-grade and roasted to order.Visit www.jackrabbitjava.com for more information.
This blend is comprised of four coffees: a washed-processed Guatemala, a honey-processed Honduras, a washed-processed Honduras, and a washed-processed Ethiopia. Kakalove Café is a nano-roaster located in the small city of Chia-Yi in Taiwan that strives to procure and roast the finest quality coffee. Visit www.kakalovecafe.com.tw or email [email protected] for more information.
This coffee tied for the third-highest rating in a cupping of Value Coffees for Coffee Review‘s March 2018 tasting report. Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one are produced from distinctive traditional Ethiopian varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. Like virtually all southern Ethiopia coffees, this coffee is produced by villagers on small garden plots interplanted with food and other subsistence crops. This is a wet-processed or “washed” coffee, meaning the fruit skin and pulp were removed from the beans immediately after harvesting and before drying. Java Blend Coffee Roasters is a small-batch roasting company owned and operated by the same family since 1938. It custom roasts and delivers coffee within two days of ordering throughout most of the Maritime Provinces of Canada. Visit www.javablendcoffee.com or call 877-596-5282 for more information.
This coffee tied for the third-highest rating in a cupping of Value Coffees for Coffee Review‘s March 2018 tasting report. Coffees like this one from the northern part of the Indonesian island of Sumatra are valued for their complex earth and fruit notes that appear to result largely from unorthodox fruit removal and drying practices called “wet-hulling.” Produced in the Lintong region south of Lake Toba, one of the oldest and arguably the most admired of Sumatra growing regions. Jackrabbit Java selects the finest coffees from around the world and roasts them in Thermopolis, Wyoming’s mountain air. All Jackrabbit Java coffees are specialty-grade and roasted to order.Visit www.jackrabbitjava.com for more information.
This coffee tied for the top rating in a cupping of Value Coffees for Coffee Review‘s March 2018 tasting report. Produced from trees of the admired SL-28 and SL-34 varieties of Arabica. Despite grower discontent, contested government coffee policy and urban encroachment on prime coffee lands, the famed Kenya coffee auction system and its participating cooperatives continue to produce some of the world’s most elegant and distinctive coffees. Big Shoulders Coffee is a Chicago artisan roaster that emphasizes a fresh-roasted, no-nonsense approach to fine coffee. Visit www.bigshoulderscoffee.com or call 312-888-3042 for more information.
This coffee tied for the second-highest rating in a cupping of Value Coffees for Coffee Review‘s March 2018 tasting report. Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one are produced from distinctive traditional Ethiopian varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. Like virtually all southern Ethiopia coffees, this coffee is produced by villagers on small garden plots interplanted with food and other subsistence crops. Processed by the wet or washed method (fruit skin and pulp are removed before drying). Caffeic is a family-owned, Montana-based roaster with a focus on sourcing and sharing the highest-quality coffees available. Visit www.caffeic.coffee for more information.
This coffee tied for the second-highest rating in a cupping of Value Coffees for Coffee Review‘s March 2018 tasting report. Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one are produced from distinctive traditional Ethiopian varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. Like virtually all southern Ethiopia coffees, this coffee is produced by villagers on small garden plots interplanted with food and other subsistence crops. Processed by the white honey method. With all honey processing methods, some sweet pulp or fruit flesh (“honey”) is allowed to adhere to the beans during drying. In the white honey variation, an extremely thin layer of pulp is allowed to dry on the beans, less than with yellow honey, and much less than is the case with red or black honey. Kakalove Café is a nano-roaster located in the small city of Chia-Yi in Taiwan that strives to procure and roast the finest quality coffee. Visit www.kakalovecafe.com.tw or email [email protected] for more information.
This coffee tied for the third-highest rating in a cupping of Value Coffees for Coffee Review‘s March 2018 tasting report. Produced entirely from trees of the Bourbon variety of Arabica. This is a wet-processed or “washed” coffee, meaning the fruit skin and pulp were removed from the beans immediately after harvesting and before drying. Grounds for Change is a certified organic coffee roaster specializing in sustainable coffee and supporting a wide range of progressive ecological and social programs. The complete carbon footprint (from crop to cup) for this coffee has been offset with tree planting (carbonfund.org).Visit www.groundsforchange.com or call 800-796-6820 for more information.
This all-Africa blend tied for the top rating in a cupping of Value Coffees for Coffee Review‘s March 2018 tasting report. A blend of coffees from Ethiopia, Burundi and Kenya. Allegro Coffee, a subsidiary of Whole Foods Market, offers one of the country’s largest selections of single-origin coffees. Visit www.allegrocoffee.com or call 800-227-1107 for more information.
This exceptional coffee was selected as the No. 9 coffee on Coffee Review’s list of the Top 30 Coffees of 2018. This coffee tied for the top rating in a cupping of Value Coffees for Coffee Review‘s March 2018 tasting report. Produced by smallholding farmers from the Ateng, Jember and Garundang varieties of Arabica. Coffees like this one from the northern part of the Indonesian island of Sumatra are valued for their complex earth and fruit notes that appear to result largely from unorthodox fruit removal and drying practices called “wet-hulling.” This is a particularly refined example of the type, produced in the Lintong region south of Lake Toba, one of the oldest and arguably the most admired of Sumatra growing regions. Klatch Coffee is an award-winning small-batch roasting company in the Los Angeles area whose resident barista and trainer, Heather Perry, won both the 2003 and 2007 United States Barista Championships brewing a Klatch Coffee espresso blend. Visit www.klatchroasting.com or call 877-455-2824 for more information.
This coffee tied for the third-highest rating in a cupping of Value Coffees for Coffee Review‘s March 2018 tasting report. Produced from locally naturalized cultivars of the heirloom Bourbon variety of Arabica and processed at the now famous Bufcafe mills. Epiphanie Mukashyaka established the first Bufcafe washing station or wet mill following the Rwandan genocide and the loss of most of her family. She and her son now operate two wet mills and a dry mill in the area. Processed by the conventional wet or “washed” method, in which skin and fruit flesh are removed from the beans or seeds before they are dried. A wet-processed or “washed” coffee, meaning the fruit skin and pulp were removed from the beans immediately after harvesting and before drying using a particularly complex dry-ferment, wash and soak procedure popular in Rwanda. Mr. Espresso is a San Francisco Bay Area wholesale roaster and espresso parts distributor that slow-roasts its coffees using traditional wood-fired roasting machines. Visit www.mrespresso.com or call 510-287-5200 for more information.
This exceptional coffee was selected as the No. 3 coffee on Coffee Review’s list of the Top 30 Coffees of 2018. Produced entirely of the heirloom Bourbon variety of Arabica and processed at the Gomba Washing Station, which works with 2831 registered farmers. JBC Coffee Roasters’ vision is simple: “let the coffee lead the way” through sourcing and roasting the best and most unique coffees available and rewarding the farmers who grow those coffees with substantial premiums. Visit www.jbccoffeeroasters.com or call 608-256-5282 for more information.
Mocca (also spelled Moka and Mokka) is a famous variety of Arabica that reached Kaanapali, Hawaii from Brazil. Current thinking in the technical coffee community is that it originated in the Reunion Islands as a mutant of the great Bourbon variety. I continue to feel that it must have some direct relationship with Yemen, however, where varieties displaying the same, very unusual bean size and shape are known as Ismaili, as well as by other local names. This Mocca was processed by the dry or “natural” method, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit rather than after the fruit has been removed, as is the case with wet-processed or “washed” coffees. This rare coffee with its tiny beans and striking cup is available only on the Hula Daddy website through their allocation list. Hula Daddy is a boutique coffee producer with farms at the 1,400 and 2,500 foot levels of the Mount Hualalai volcano near the northern end of the Kona growing district, five minutes above the town of Kailua-Kona. This coffee was produced at the higher elevation Hula Daddy farm. Visit www.huladaddy.com or call 888-553-2339 for more information.
Produced entirely from trees of the Kurume and Welicho varieties of Arabica at Suke Quto farm. Processed by the honey method, which means that the outer skin of the coffee fruit is removed, as it is in the wet or “washed” process, but at least some of the sticky fruit residue is allowed to dry on the bean and later removed by machine along with the parchment skin. This coffee is both organic- and Rainforest Alliance-certified. Paradise Roasters specializes in micro-lot Arabica and Robusta coffees from Asia and other emerging origins. The company prides itself on quality and freshness, craft-roasting coffees in small batches only after orders are placed. Visit www.paradiseroasters.com or call 763-433-0626 for more information.
This coffee tied for the third-highest rating in a cupping of coffees roasted by women for Coffee Review‘s April 2018 tasting report. Yirgacheffe is a coffee region in southern Ethiopia that produces distinctive coffees from traditional varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. This is a “natural” or dry-processed version, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit, encouraging a flavor profile that is rounder and lower-toned than the more familiar wet-processed floral- and citrus-toned Yirgacheffe profile. This coffee is certified organically grown and Fair Trade certified, meaning it was purchased at a “fair” or economically sustainable price. Worka is one of twenty-two primary cooperatives located in the Gedeo Zone of Southern Ethiopia organized as the Yirgacheffe Farmers Union. Established in 2010, Red Rooster is an organic-certified micro-roaster focusing on socially conscious coffee and high-quality coffee. Visit redroostercoffee.com or call 540-745-7338 for more information.
This exceptional coffee was selected as the No. 28 coffee on Coffee Review’s list of the Top 30 Coffees of 2018. This coffee tied for the third-highest rating in a cupping of coffees roasted by women for Coffee Review‘s April 2018 tasting report. Produced entirely from the Typica Mejorado variety of Arabica in the Pichincha region of Ecuador, bordering Colombia. Paradise Roasters specializes in micro-lot Arabica and Robusta coffees from Asia and other emerging origins. The company prides itself on quality and freshness, craft-roasting coffees in small batches only after orders are placed. Visit www.paradiseroasters.com or call 763-433-0626 for more information.
This coffee tied for the third-highest rating in a cupping of coffees roasted by women for Coffee Review‘s April 2018 tasting report. Produced from trees of the SL28 and SL43 varieties of Arabica and processed at the Ndunduri washing station, which supports roughtly 700 member farmers. Despite challenges ranging from unclear government coffee policy and urban encroachment on prime coffee lands to chronically unstable weather, the famed Kenya coffee auction system and its participating cooperatives continue to produce some of the world’s most elegant and distinctive coffees. Founded in 2015, the Greater Goods mission is to enrich the lives of coffee-drinkers through passion, creativity, innovation and commitment to the consistency of the specialty coffee the company roasts, and through the local causes supported with its proceeds. Visit greatergoodsroasting.com or call 512-858-2680 for more information.
This coffee tied for the third-highest rating in a cupping of coffees roasted by women for Coffee Review‘s April 2018 tasting report. Produced by the METAD farm and mill in southern Ethiopia. Southern Ethiopia produces distinctive coffees from traditional varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. Coffees like this one processed by the wet or washed method (fruit skin and pulp is removed before drying) typically express great aromatic complexity and intensity with a particular emphasis on citrus and floral notes. Certifed USDA organic. Tico Coffee’s co-founder Mariana Faerron is from Costa Rica, and the word “Tico” refers to a Costa Rica native. The company she created with her husband Thomas specializes in direct trade coffees from small farms all over the world. Visit www.ticoroasters.com for more information.
This coffee tied for the second-highest rating in a cupping of coffees roasted by women for Coffee Review‘s April 2018 tasting report. Although Ethiopia is the botanical home of Coffea arabica, Yemen introduced the beverage to the rest of the world in the 16th and 17th centuries, and Yemeni coffee is still grown from ancient heirloom cultivars of Arabica on stone-walled terraces ringing fortress-like mountaintop villages. All Yemen coffees are natural-processed, i.e., dried in the whole fruit. Imported by Mokhtar Alkhanshali of Port of Mokha Coffee, who has worked with farmers to improve their harvesting and drying procedures, and who selects and meticulously transports microlots like this one to the U.S. Founded in 1995, Equator Coffees & Teas is a women-owned wholesale coffee roasting company that focuses on sustainability in coffee-sourcing and business practices. Visit www.equatorcoffees.com or call 800-809-7687 for more information.
This exceptional coffee was selected as the No. 22 coffee on Coffee Review’s list of the Top 30 Coffees of 2018. This coffee tied for the second-highest rating in a cupping of coffees roasted by women for Coffee Review‘s April 2018 tasting report. Coffees like this one from the northern part of the Indonesian island of Sumatra are valued for their complex earth and fruit notes that appear to result largely from unorthodox fruit removal and drying practices called “wet-hulling.” Produced in the Lintong region south of Lake Toba, one of the oldest and arguably the most admired of Sumatra growing regions. Flight Coffee (formerly CQ Coffee Roasters) is a coffee-loving, quality-focused roasting company based in Bedford, New Hampshire. Visit www.flightcoffeeco.com or call 603-836-6228 for more information.
This coffee tied for the second-highest rating in a cupping of coffees roasted by women for Coffee Review‘s April 2018 tasting report. Coffees like this one from the northern part of the Indonesian island of Sumatra are valued for their complex earth and fruit notes that appear to result largely from unorthodox fruit removal and drying practices called “wet-hulling.” Produced in the Lintong region south of Lake Toba, one of the oldest and arguably the most admired of Sumatra growing regions. Roasted at PT’s Coffee, where the motto is “without the love, it’s just coffee.” Visit www.ptscoffee.com or call 888-678-5282 for more information.
This coffee tied for the second-highest rating in a cupping of coffees roasted by women for Coffee Review‘s April 2018 tasting report. Despite challenges ranging from unclear government coffee policy and urban encroachment on prime coffee lands to chronically unstable weather, the famed Kenya coffee auction system and its participating cooperatives continue to produce some of the world’s most elegant and distinctive coffees. Cafe Douceur is a Tainan, Taiwan-based micro-roaster  and cafe. Visit https://bit.ly/2q2tkcZ for more information.
This sample earned the highest rating in a cupping of coffees roasted by women for Coffee Review‘s April 2018 tasting report. Produced by Orlando Espina of Finca La Maria entirely from trees of the rare Ethiopia-derived botanical variety Gesha (also spelled Geisha), this coffee won second place in the 2017 Colombia Cup of Excellence. With its elegantly elongated beans and distinctive floral and crisp, often chocolaty cup, the Gesha variety continues to distinguish itself as one of the world’s most unique coffees. This is a dry-processed or “natural” version, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit rather than after the fruit has been removed, as is the case with wet-processed or “washed” coffees. Based in the San Diego area, Bird Rock Coffee Roasters is a retailer and wholesaler focused on organic and socially responsible coffees; it was awarded the “2012 Micro-Roaster of the Year” title by Roast Magazine. Visit www.birdrockcoffee.com or call 858-551-1707 for more information.
This coffee tied for the second-highest rating in a cupping of coffees roasted by women for Coffee Review‘s April 2018 tasting report. Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one are produced from distinctive traditional Ethiopian varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. This is a wet-processed or “washed” coffee, meaning the fruit skin and pulp were removed from the beans immediately after harvesting and before drying. Roasters Note is a Taiwan-based micro-roaster specializing in small-batch roasting of the highest-quality Arabica coffee. Visit  https://www.facebook.com/RoastersNote/ for more information.
This exceptional coffee was selected as the No. 5 coffee on Coffee Review’s list of the Top 30 Coffees of 2018.  Comprised entirely of beans from the rare Sudan Rume, a presumably very old variety of Arabica originally selected from wild trees growing on the Boma Plateau of Sudan, close to the border with Ethiopia. Processed by the dried-in-the-fruit or natural method. Produced by Rigoberto Herrera at Granja La Esperanza in Colombia, an innovative producer that specializes in impressive and innovative work with unusual cultivars of Arabica.  Roasted at PT’s Coffee, where the motto is “without the love, it’s just coffee.” Visit www.ptscoffee.com or call 888-678-5282 for more information.
Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one are produced from traditional Ethiopian varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. A wet-processed or “washed” coffee, meaning the fruit skin and pulp were removed from the beans immediately after harvesting and before drying. Like virtually all southern Ethiopia coffees, this coffee is produced by villagers on small, garden plots interplanted with food and other subsistence crops. JBC Coffee Roasters’ vision is simple: “let the coffee lead the way” through sourcing and roasting the best and most unique coffees available and rewarding the farmers who grow those coffees with substantial premiums. Visit www.jbccoffeeroasters.com or call 608-256-5282 for more information.
Certified organically grown and produced by members of the the ASCI’SP cooperative from mixed varieties of Arabica. Processed by the conventional wet or “washed” method, in which skin and fruit flesh are removed from the beans or seeds before they are dried. JBC Coffee Roasters’ vision is simple: “let the coffee lead the way” through sourcing and roasting the best and most unique coffees available and rewarding the farmers who grow those coffees with substantial premiums. Visit www.jbccoffeeroasters.com or call 608-256-5282 for more information.
Produced by Lambertus Siba Hurek entirely of the Typica variety of Arabica and processed by the Indonesia wet-hulled method. Flores is an island in Indonesia, part of a chain of islands that extends east of Java and Bali. With a recent focus on quality and assistance from international aid groups, Flores is beginning to create a name for itself in specialty coffee circles. Green Stone Coffee is a woman-owned artisan roastery in Taipei, founded in 2016 and specializing in sourcing distinctive coffees that express their individual terroirs. Visit http://www.greenstone-coffee.com.tw/en/info.html for more information.
Produced from trees of the rare Ethiopia-derived botanical variety Gesha (also spelled Geisha). With its elegantly elongated beans and distinctive floral and crisp, often chocolaty cup, the Gesha variety continues to distinguish itself as one of the world’s most unique coffees. This is in extremely refined presentation of the Gesha variety developed by boutique exporter/importer Ninety Plus Coffee. Processed by the honey method, which means that the outer skin of the coffee fruit is removed, as it is in the wet or “washed” process, but at least some of the sticky fruit residue is allowed to dry on the bean and later removed by machine along with the parchment skin. Kakalove Café is a nano-roaster located in the small city of Chia-Yi in Taiwan that strives to procure and roast the finest quality coffee. Visit www.kakalovecafe.com.tw or email [email protected] for more information.
Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one are produced from distinctive traditional Ethiopian varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. Like virtually all southern Ethiopia coffees, this coffee is produced by villagers on small garden plots interplanted with food and other subsistence crops. This is a dry-processed or “natural” version, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit rather than after the fruit has been removed, as is the case with wet-processed or “washed” coffees. Evie’s Café , based in Chia-Yi Taiwan, specializes in fine roasted coffees as well as pour-overs and cold-brews. Visit https://m.facebook.com/eviescafe88/ for more information.
Produced from trees of the rare Ethiopia-derived botanical variety Gesha (also spelled Geisha). With its elegantly elongated beans and distinctive floral and crisp, often chocolaty cup, the Gesha variety continues to distinguish itself as one of the world’s most unique coffees. This is an extremely refined presentation of the Gesha variety developed by boutique exporter/importer Ninety Plus Coffee. Produced in very small lots, it is a dry-processed or “natural” coffee, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit rather than after the fruit has been removed, as is the case with wet-processed or “washed” coffees. In the case of this coffee the drying was carried out in a temperature- and moisture-controlled solar drier, a proprietary method developed by the Ninety Plus team. Kakalove Café is a nano-roaster located in the small city of Chia-Yi in Taiwan that strives to procure and roast the finest quality coffee. Visit www.kakalovecafe.com.tw or email [email protected] for more information.
Toarco (TOraja ARabica COffee) is a coffee project in the famous Sulawesi coffee growing region of Toraja developed and financed by Japan’s Key Coffee Company and its Indonesian partners. Toarco coffees are processed by variants of the orthodox wet or washed method, giving them a brighter and cleaner profile than Sulawesi coffees processed by the locally traditional wet-hulling method. Until recently Toarco sold its entire production to the Japanese market, making this coffee rare in the United States. Espresso Republic, founded in 2010, specializes in sourcing quality coffees and roasting them in small batches for both retail and wholesale customers. Visit www.espressorepublic.com for more information.
This exceptional coffee was selected as the No. 23 coffee on Coffee Review’s list of the Top 30 Coffees of 2018. Burundi is a small, landlocked country in Central Africa. Most coffee is grown in the mountains of the north, bordering Rwanda. Benefiting from ideal growing conditions and large plantings of Bourbon and related heirloom varieties of Arabica, Burundi coffee has an excellent reputation and a growing following among North American specialty roasters. Big Shoulders Coffee is a Chicago artisan roaster that emphasizes a fresh-roasted, no-nonsense approach to fine coffee. Visit www.bigshoulderscoffee.com or call 312-888-3042 for more information.
A blend of coffees from Ethiopia and Indonesia. Roaster Yu Chih Hao is co-founder of Fumi Coffee, a new roaster in Hsinchu, Taiwan specializing in specialty coffee and homemade desserts. Visit https://m.facebook.com/fumicafe035586631/ for more information.
 This coffee tied for the second-highest rating in a cupping of coffees from Brazil for Coffee Review’s May 2018 tasting report. As a green coffee, it also took seventh place in the 2017 Cup of Excellence juried competition for natural or dry-processed Brazil coffees, meaning coffees that were dried in the entire fruit rather than after the fruit has been removed, as is the case with wet- or “washed”-processed coffees. Naturals form the backbone of the Brazil coffee industry, but this prize-winning lot reflects a particularly refined approach to the method. Dragonfly Coffee is a Boulder, Colorado-based micro-roaster that produces high-quality coffees and supports worthy causes. Visit www.dragonflycoffeeroasters.com or call 303-579-2154 for more information.
 This coffee tied for the second-highest rating in a cupping of coffees from Brazil for Coffee Review’s May 2018 tasting report. Produced by the children of Nagipe Viana Klem, founder of Fazenda Klem, entirely from trees of the respected Catuai variety of Arabica. This is a “natural” or dry-processed coffee, which means the beans or seeds were dried encased in the entire fruit rather than after the fruit has been removed, as is the case with wet- or “washed”-processed coffees. Naturals form the backbone of the Brazil coffee industry, but this lot reflects a particularly refined approach to the method. Hatch Coffee is an Ontario, Canada-based roaster offering coffees for both retail and wholesale purchase. Visit www.hatchcrafted.com for more information.
This coffee tied for the second-highest rating in a cupping of coffees from Brazil for Coffee Review’s May 2018 tasting report. Produced by Nelson Ribeiro and Luca Allegro from trees of the respected Catuai variety of Arabica using biodynamic farming methods. A “natural” or dry-processed coffee, which means the beans or seeds were dried encased in the entire fruit rather than after the fruit has been removed, as is the case with wet- or “washed”-processed coffees. Naturals form the backbone of the Brazil coffee industry, but this lot reflects a particularly refined approach to the method. Soul Work Coffee focuses on sourcing exceptional coffees and meticulously roasting them for memorable sensory experiences. Visit www.soulworkcoffee.com for more information.
This exceptional coffee was selected as the No. 26 coffee on Coffee Review’s list of the Top 30 Coffees of 2018. From the Tumba washing station or wet mill operated by Venustre Mugraneza. Produced from trees of the Jackson variety of arabica, a local strain of the admired Bourbon variety. Wet-processed or “washed,” meaning the fruit skin and pulp were removed from the beans immediately after harvesting  Corvus Coffee Roasters is based in Denver, Colorado and specializes in rare and exclusive coffees from some of the finest growers in the world. Corvus particularly focuses on processing methods and selective harvesting, which result in small, seasonal micro-lots of uniquely sweet, vibrant, and clean flavor profiles. For more information, visit www.corvuscoffee.com.
 Produced in the Lintong region south of Lake Toba, one of the oldest and arguably the most admired of Sumatra growing regions. Coffees like this one from the northern part of the Indonesian island of Sumatra are valued for their complex earth and fruit notes that appear to result largely from unorthodox fruit removal and drying practices called “wet-hulling.” Kakalove Café is a nano-roaster located in the small city of Chia-Yi in Taiwan that strives to procure and roast the finest quality coffee. Visit www.kakalovecafe.com.tw or email [email protected] for more information.
 Burundi is a small, landlocked country in the Great Lakes region of Central Africa. Most coffee is grown in the mountains of the north, bordering Rwanda. Benefiting from ideal growing conditions and large plantings of local strains of the heirloom Bourbon variety of Arabica, Burundi coffee has an excellent reputation, though it is better known in Europe than in the United States. This is a wet-processed or “washed” coffee, meaning the fruit skin and pulp were removed from the beans immediately after harvesting and before drying. The company name Amavida combines the Spanish words for love and life, reflecting Amavida’s multifaceted commitment to fairness and fine coffee. Visit www.amavida.com or call 850-213-1965 for more information.
From Cenfrocafe Cooperative in northern Peru. Espresso Republic, founded in 2010, specializes in sourcing quality coffees and roasting them in small batches for both retail and wholesale customers. Visit www.espressorepublic.com for more information.
Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one are produced from distinctive traditional Ethiopian varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. Like virtually all southern Ethiopia coffees, this coffee is produced by villagers on small garden plots interplanted with food and other subsistence crops. This is a dry-processed or “natural” coffee, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit rather than after the fruit has been removed, as is the case with wet-processed or “washed” coffees. Coffee Please is an artisanal roastery and cafe in Taipei’s Beitou District, famous for the nearby Yangming Mountain hot springs. Visit www.facebook.com/CoffeepleaseTW for more information.
An espresso blend comprised of coffees from Ethiopia, Rwanda and Peru. Established in 2010, Red Rooster is an organic-certified micro-roaster focusing on socially conscious coffee and high-quality coffee. Visit redroostercoffee.com or call 540-745-7338 for more information.
This exceptional coffee was selected as the No. 7 coffee on Coffee Review’s list of the Top 30 Coffees of 2018. Although Ethiopia is the botanical home of Coffea Arabica, Yemen introduced the beverage to the rest of the world in the 16th and 17th centuries, and Yemen coffee is still grown from ancient heirloom cultivars of arabica on stone-walled terraces ringing fortress-like mountaintop villages. All Yemen coffees are natural-processed, or dried in the whole fruit. This is a particularly refined, elegant example of the this ancient style. Dragonfly Coffee is a Boulder, Colorado-based micro-roaster that produces high-quality coffees and supports worthy causes. Visit www.dragonflycoffeeroasters.com or call 303-579-2154 for more information.
Produced from trees of the rare Ethiopia-derived botanical variety, Gesha. With its generally elongated beans and distinctive floral and crisp, often chocolaty cup, the Gesha variety continues to distinguish itself as one of the world’s most unique coffees. This is a wet-processed or “washed” version, meaning the fruit skin and pulp were removed from the beans immediately after harvesting and before drying. It was produced by boutique exporter/importer Ninety Plus Coffee. Dragonfly Coffee is a Boulder, Colorado-based micro-roaster that produces high-quality coffees and supports worthy causes. Visit www.dragonflycoffeeroasters.com or call 303-579-2154 for more information.
Produced from trees of the rare Ethiopia-derived botanical variety Gesha. With its generally elongated beans and distinctive floral and crisp, often chocolaty cup, the Gesha variety continues to distinguish itself as one of the world’s most unique coffees. This is a particularly refined dried-in-the-fruit or natural presentation of the Gesha variety developed by boutique exporter/importer Ninety Plus Coffee. Dragonfly Coffee is a Boulder, Colorado-based micro-roaster that produces high-quality coffees and supports worthy causes. Visit www.dragonflycoffeeroasters.com or call 303-579-2154 for more information.
This coffee tied for the third-highest rating in a cupping of coffees roasted by women for Coffee Review‘s April 2018 tasting report. Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one are produced from distinctive traditional Ethiopian varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. This is a dry-processed or “natural” coffee, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit rather than after the fruit has been removed, as is the case with wet-processed or “washed” coffees. Founded in 2014 by Ingin Kim, an investor in the boutique coffee producer Ninety Plus, Peri Coffee is a nano-roaster based in Altadena, California. Visit www.pericoffee.com for more information.
This coffee tied for the third-highest rating in a cupping of coffees roasted by women for Coffee Review‘s April 2018 tasting report. Produced from trees of the Caturra, Catuai and CR 95 varieties of Arabica in partnership with Cafe Monteverde in order to benefit conservation, education, and social programs in and around the Monteverde Cloud Forest of Costa Rica. Since 1981 Montana Coffee Traders has been roasting fine coffees in an old farmhouse at 3,000 feet above sea level. Visit www.coffeetraders.com or call 406-862-7633 for more information.
This exceptional coffee was selected as the No. 10 coffee on Coffee Review’s list of the Top 30 Coffees of 2018. This coffee tied for the second-highest rating in a cupping of coffees roasted by women for Coffee Review‘s April 2018 tasting report. Despite grower discontent and urban encroachment on prime coffee lands, Kenya continues to produce some of the world’s most elegant and distinctive coffees. Moore Coffee is a roast-to-order artisan coffee roasting company with a well-developed Internet business and wholesale accounts. Visit www.moorecoffee.com or call 800-994-8060 for more information.
Produced entirely from trees of the Red Bourbon variety of Arabica and grown on Hula Daddy’s higher farm at 2,500 feet. This presentation is named for co-owner Karen Paterson, whose middle name is Jue and whose favorite coffee is the Red Bourbon. This coffee tied for the second-highest rating in a cupping of coffees roasted by women for Coffee Review‘s April 2018 tasting report. Hula Daddy is a boutique coffee producer with farms at the 1,400 and 2,500 foot levels of the Mount Hualalai volcano near the northern end of the Kona growing district, five minutes above the town of Kailua-Kona. This coffee was produced at the higher elevation Hula Daddy farm. Visit www.huladaddy.com or call 888-553-2339 for more information.
This coffee tied for the third-highest rating in a cupping of coffees roasted by women for Coffee Review‘s April 2018 tasting report. Yirgacheffe is a coffee region in southern Ethiopia that produces distinctive coffees from traditional varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. This is a “natural” or dry-processed version, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit, encouraging a flavor profile that is less predictable and deeper than the more familiar wet-processed floral- and citrus-toned Yirgacheffe profile. Argyle Coffee Roasters aims to provide people the opportunity to drink better coffee through education, outreach, and creating connections. Visit www.argylecoffeeroasters.com for more information.
This coffee tied for the third-highest rating in a cupping of coffees roasted by women for Coffee Review‘s April 2018 tasting report. Ka’u is a newly emerged Hawaii coffee-growing district centered approximately 30 miles southeast of the famous Kona region. This coffee combines two small lots of the Typica variety that were processed using variations on the wet or “washed” method, one of which involved applying a yeast especially designed for coffee during the fermentation step (the Oro brand yeast developed by Lalcafe). This 100% Ka’u coffee was developed by Lorie Obra of Rusty’s, one of Ka’u’s best-known and most celebrated farms. Obra meticulously picks, processes and roasts her coffees using traditional methods and artisan attention. Visit www.rustyshawaiian.com or call 808-928-8916 for more information.
This coffee tied for the third-highest rating in a cupping of coffees roasted by women for Coffee Review‘s April 2018 tasting report. Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one are produced from traditional Ethiopian varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. This is a wet-processed or “washed” coffee, meaning the fruit skin and pulp were removed from the beans immediately after harvesting and before drying. Bluebeard Coffee Roasters’ motto is “The Perfect Medium.” The Tacoma, Washington-based company aims at roasting deep enough to develop sweetness and depth, light enough to leave each coffees’ subtleties intact. Visit www.bluebeardcoffee.com for more information.
This exceptional coffee was selected as the No. 11 coffee on Coffee Review’s list of the Top 30 Coffees of 2018. This coffee earned the second-highest rating in a cupping of coffees from the Great Lakes region of Africa for Coffee Review’s June 2018 tasting report. Produced entirely from trees of the Bourbon variety of Arabica by members of the SOPACDI coop. Located overlooking Lake Kivu, on the opposite side of the lake from Rwanda, this rapidly growing cooperative now has 5,600 members and apparently is succeeding in its goal to help heal wounds left by the latest in eastern Congo’s seemingly endless string of horrific rebellions and civil wars. A wet-processed or “washed” coffee, meaning the fruit skin and pulp were removed from the beans immediately after harvesting and before drying. This coffee is certified organically grown and certified fair trade, meaning it was purchased at no less than a minimum price determined by the certifying agency to be economically sustainable for the farmers. Dragonfly Coffee is a Boulder, Colorado-based micro-roaster that produces high-quality coffees and supports worthy causes. Visit www.dragonflycoffeeroasters.com or call 303-579-2154 for more information.
This coffee tied for the third-highest rating in a cupping of coffees from the Great Lakes region of Africa for Coffee Review’s June 2018 tasting report. Produced entirely of the Bourbon variety of Arabica and processed at the Buraza Community/Mahonda Washing Station. Burundi is a small, landlocked country in the Great Lakes region of Central Africa. Benefiting from ideal growing conditions and large plantings of local strains of the heirloom Bourbon variety of Arabica, it has recently emerged as a premier Africa fine coffee origin. This is a wet-processed or “washed” version, meaning the fruit skin and pulp were removed from the beans immediately after harvesting and before drying. Barrington Coffee is an artisan roaster dedicated to elite coffees, fresh delivery and roasting that foregrounds the coffee and not the roast. Visit www.barringtoncoffee.com or call 800-528-0998 for more information.
This is not an artificially flavored coffee. The blend name, Signature Hazelnut Dark Chocolate, refers to natural aroma and flavor notes that the blend aims to evoke. Creation Food Co. is a food service company with a specialty coffee division. It operates one of the few large-scale coffee production facilities in Taiwan. Visit www.creation.com.tw or call 0800-020-368 for more information.
This is not an artificially flavored coffee. The blend name, Signature Floral Orange, refers to natural aroma and flavor notes that the blend aims to evoke. Creation Food Co. is a food service company with a specialty coffee division. It operates one of the few large-scale coffee production facilities in Taiwan. Visit www.creation.com.tw or call 0800-020-368 for more information.
Produced entirely from trees of the bold-beaned Pacamara variety of Arabica by Jose Armando Portillo at Finca El Conrrodal. Conscious Cup Coffee Roasters is an independent and family-owned and operated cafe and coffee roaster specializing in socially and environmentally sustainable coffees. Visit www.consciouscup.com or call 815-356-0115 for more information.
Produced entirely of the heirloom Bourbon variety of Arabica and processed at the Gomba Washing Station, which works with 2831 registered farmers. JBC Coffee Roasters’ vision is simple: “let the coffee lead the way” through sourcing and roasting the best and most unique coffees available and rewarding the farmers who grow those coffees with substantial premiums. Visit www.jbccoffeeroasters.com or call 608-256-5282 for more information.
A blend of natural-processed Ethiopia Hambela and pulped natural Brazil coffees. Modern Times is a well-loved, exuberantly inventive Point Loma, San Diego brewery that has long specialized in coffee-beer crossovers and overlaps. Visit www.moderntimescoffee.com for more information.
Despite grower discontent and urban encroachment on prime coffee lands, Kenya continues to produce some of the world’s most elegant and distinctive coffees. Green Stone Coffee is a woman-owned artisan roastery in Taipei, founded in 2016 and specializing in sourcing distinctive coffees that express their individual terroirs. Visit http://www.greenstone-coffee.com.tw/en/info.html for more information.
Despite grower discontent and urban encroachment on prime coffee lands, Kenya continues to produce some of the world’s most elegant and distinctive coffees. Direct Coffee, founded in 2005, is a roastery located in the scenic city of Hsinchu, Taiwan. For the past 13 years, Direct Coffee has specialized in searching for high-quality coffee beans and roasting them to display their unique and distinctive characteristics. Visit http://www.directcoffee.com.tw/ for more information.
Produced from trees of the rare Ethiopia-derived botanical variety Gesha (also spelled Geisha) by Pablo Guerrero. With its generally elongated beans and distinctive floral and crisp, often chocolaty cup, the Gesha variety continues to distinguish itself as one of the world’s most unique coffees. This is a wet-processed or “washed” version, meaning the fruit skin and pulp were removed from the beans immediately after harvesting and before drying. The majority of Gesha coffees are grown in the Boquete region of Panama, but there is increased experimentation with this variety throughout Latin America, especially Colombia, where this exceptional version was grown. Dragonfly Coffee is a Boulder, Colorado-based micro-roaster that produces high-quality coffees and supports worthy causes. Visit www.dragonflycoffeeroasters.com or call 303-579-2154 for more information.
Burundi is a small, landlocked country in the Great Lakes region of Central Africa. Most coffee is grown in the mountains of the north, bordering Rwanda. Benefiting from ideal growing conditions and large plantings of local strains of the heirloom Bourbon variety of Arabica, This is a wet-processed or “washed” coffee, meaning the fruit skin and pulp were removed from the beans immediately after harvesting and before drying. Mystic Monk Coffee is a small-batch roaster associated with a Carmelite monastery located in the Rocky Mountains of northern Wyoming. The monks emphasize an artisan approach to roasting and a commitment to quality. Visit www.mysticmonkcoffee.com or call 877-751-6377 for more information.
Produced by Hipolito Vincente Enrique at Finca Mirador entirely from trees of the Castillo variety of Arabica. Founded in 1990, Lexington Coffee is an award-winning artisan roasting company based in Virginia. Lexington’s focus on fresh-roasting of fine, sustainable coffees is reflected in its motto, “Fresh, Flavorful & Fair.” Visit www.lexingtoncoffee.com or call 800-322-6505 for more information.
Produced from trees of the admired SL-28 and SL-34 varieties of Arabica. Despite grower discontent, contested government coffee policy and urban encroachment on prime coffee lands, the famed Kenya coffee auction system and its participating cooperatives continue to produce some of the world’s most elegant and distinctive coffees. Coffee Please is an artisanal roastery and cafe in Taipei’s Beitou District, famous for the nearby Yangming Mountain hot springs. Visit www.facebook.com/CoffeepleaseTW for more information.
This coffee tied for the third-highest rating in a cupping of coffees from Brazil for Coffee Review’s May 2018 tasting report. Produced entirely from trees of the Yellow Bourbon variety of Arabica by Celso Marcelino de Souza Junior on his small 5-hectare farm. A prize winner in the 2017 Carmo Best Cup competition hosted by importer Cafe Imports. A “natural” or dry-processed coffee, which means the beans or seeds were dried encased in the entire fruit. Naturals form the backbone of the Brazil coffee industry, but this lot reflects a particularly refined approach to the method. Big Creek Coffee Roasters is a small, quality-oriented batch roaster located in Montana’s Bitterroot Valley. Visit www.bigcreekcoffeeroasters.com or call 406-375-7508 for more information.
This coffee tied for the third-highest rating in a cupping of coffees from Brazil for Coffee Review’s May 2018 tasting report. Produced on Fazenda Santa Tereza by Isley de Alancar Jr. with assistance from his U.S.-based sister Denise Dubowski. From trees of the respected Red and Yellow Catuai varieties of Arabica. Processed by the pulped natural (the Brazilian term) or honey (the Central American term) method, in which the skin is removed from the coffee fruit immediately after picking, but the seeds or beans are dried with all or part of the sweet pulp, or fruit flesh, still adhering to them. Nook Bakery and Coffee Bar is a specialty coffee roaster and cafe based in Philadelphia. Visit www.facebook.com/NookBakeryCoffee for more information.
This coffee tied for the third-highest rating in a cupping of coffees from Brazil for Coffee Review’s May 2018 tasting report. It was produced from trees of the respected Mundo Novo and Red Catuai varieties of Arabica on Isaias Ferreira da Silva's farm Sitio Alvorada do Grotão and is a “natural” or dry-processed coffee, which means the beans or seeds were dried encased in the entire fruit rather than after the fruit has been removed, as is the case with wet- or “washed”-processed coffees. Naturals form the backbone of the Brazil coffee industry, but this lot reflects a particularly refined approach to the method. Founded in 2013 by Kevin Betts and Ryan Smith, Novel Coffee Roasters, based in Dallas, Texas, works on a model of trusted relationships and quality incentives. Visit www.novelcoffeeroasters.com for more information.
This coffee tied for the fourth-highest rating in a cupping of coffees from Brazil for Coffee Review’s May 2018 tasting report. The large and technically advanced Ipanema farms are well-situated in the admired Sul de Minas growing region. This is one of the first generation of microlot selections from a new program called Ipanema Premier Cru, an extraordinarily detailed effort to isolate special small lots by microclimate, tree variety and processing method. This particular Premier Cru selection is a “natural” or dry-processed version, which means the beans or seeds were dried encased in the entire fruit rather than after the fruit has been removed, as is the case with wet- or “washed”-processed coffees. Naturals form the backbone of the Brazil coffee industry, but this lot reflects a particularly refined approach to the method. Back Home Coffee is a cafe and roastery based in Changhua County, Taiwan. Visit https://m.facebook.com/BackHomeCoffeeO/ for more information.
 This coffee tied for the highest rating in a cupping of coffees from Brazil for Coffee Review’s May 2018 tasting report. Produced by Luis Carlos Gomes of São Bento farm, a medium-sized farm in the Sul de Minas growing region, from trees the respected Yellow Catuai and hybrid Icatu varieties. This is a “natural” or dry-processed coffee, which means the beans or seeds were dried encased in the entire fruit rather than after the fruit has been removed, as is the case with wet- or “washed”-processed coffees. Naturals form the backbone of the Brazil coffee industry, but this lot reflects a particularly refined approach to the method. Old Soul is a roastery, bakery and crafter of artisanal goods dedicated to quality in every form. Visit www.oldsoulco.com or call 916-443-7685 for more information.
This coffee tied for the highest rating in a cupping of coffees from Brazil for Coffee Review’s May 2018 tasting report. Processed by the pulped natural method (called the “honey” method in Central America), in which the skin is removed from the coffee fruit immediately after picking, but the seeds or beans are dried with all or part of the sweet pulp, or fruit flesh, still adhering to them. AUTO Cafe is a small coffee roastery based in New Taipei City, Taiwan. Visit www.holdcafe.com for more information.
This coffee tied for the second-highest rating in a cupping of coffees from Brazil for Coffee Review’s May 2018 tasting report. Processed by the pulped natural (the Brazilian term) or honey (the Central American term) method, in which the skin is removed from the coffee fruit immediately after picking, but the seeds or beans are dried with all or part of the sweet pulp, or fruit flesh, still adhering to them. Corvus Coffee Roasters is based in Denver, Colorado and specializes in rare and exclusive coffees from some of the finest growers in the world. Corvus particularly focuses on processing methods and selective harvesting, which result in small, seasonal micro-lots of uniquely sweet, vibrant, and clean flavor profiles. For more information, visit www.corvuscoffee.com.
Coffees like this one from the celebrated Yirgacheffe region are largely produced from distinctive traditional Ethiopian varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. This is a dry-processed or “natural” version, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit rather than after the fruit has been removed, as is the case with wet-processed or “washed” coffees. Aether Coffee sources specialty coffees from all over the world and prioritizes quality and customer experience to create the perfect cup. Visit aether.coffee or call 888-612-9211 for more information.
The Curve Coffee Roasting Co. holds classes authorized by the Specialty Coffee Association, as well as roasting and selling around 30 specialty coffees, including rare Taiwan origins. Visit www.thecurvecoffee.com.tw for more information.
The Gakui wet mill is part of the Gakundu Farmers Cooperative Society, which consists of four wet mills in total. Produced from trees of the admired heirloom SL28 and SL34 varieties of Arabica, as well as the hybrid Ruiru 11. Despite challenges ranging from unclear government coffee policy and urban encroachment on prime coffee lands to chronically unstable weather, the famed Kenya coffee auction system and its participating cooperatives continue to produce some of the world’s most elegant and distinctive coffees. Kakalove Café is a nano-roaster located in the small city of Chia-Yi in Taiwan that strives to procure and roast the finest quality coffee. Visit www.kakalovecafe.com.tw or email [email protected] for more information.
Coffees like this one from the celebrated Yirgacheffe region are largely produced from traditional Ethiopian varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. This is a wet-processed or “washed” coffee, meaning the fruit skin and pulp were removed from the beans immediately after harvesting and before drying. The Curve Coffee Roasting Co. holds classes authorized by the Specialty Coffee Association, as well as roasting and selling around 30 specialty coffees, including rare Taiwan origins. Visit www.thecurvecoffee.com.tw for more information.
Coffees like this one from the northern part of the Indonesian island of Sumatra are valued for their complex earth and fruit notes that appear to result largely from unorthodox fruit removal and drying practices called “wet-hulling.” Produced in the Lintong region south of Lake Toba, one of the oldest and arguably the most admired of Sumatra growing regions. Kakalove Café is a nano-roaster located in the small city of Chia-Yi in Taiwan that strives to procure and roast the finest quality coffee. Visit www.kakalovecafe.com.tw or email [email protected] for more information.
Evaluated as espresso. Floral-toned, deeply sweet. Lilac, toffee, black cherry, cedar, orange zest in aroma and small cup. Crisp, satiny mouthfeel; gently drying finish carried by notes of toffee and lilac in the short, orange zest and cedar in the long. Especially floral-driven in cappucino-scaled milk, with the rich toffee notes also amplified. Revel Coffee is a micro-roaster located in Billings, Montana. Its motto: “Quality is paramount—a difference you can revel in.” Visit www.revelcoffee.com or call 406-534-9621 for more information.
This coffee tied for the fourth-highest rating in a cupping of coffees from the Great Lakes region of Africa for Coffee Review’s June 2018 tasting report. Produced by Ben and Christy Carlson of Long Miles Coffee Project in Burundi. Benefiting from ideal growing conditions and large plantings of local strains of the heirloom Bourbon variety of Arabica, Burundi has recently emerged as a premier Africa fine coffee origin. This is a dry-processed or “natural” coffee, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit rather than after the fruit has been removed, as is the case with wet-processed or “washed” coffees. Mustard Seed Cafe is the new coffee brand of Cass Life, based in New Taipei, Taiwan. Visit https://www.cass.com.tw/ for more information.
This coffee tied for the fourth-highest rating in a cupping of coffees from the Great Lakes region of Africa for Coffee Review’s June 2018 tasting report. Produced entirely of the heirloom Bourbon variety of Arabica and processed at the Gomba Washing Station, which works with 2831 registered farmers. Benefiting from ideal growing conditions and large plantings of local strains of the heirloom Bourbon variety of Arabica, Burundi has recently emerged as a premier Africa fine coffee origin. Novo Coffee is a quality-oriented boutique roasting company with a roastery open to the public and four cafes in the Denver, Colorado metropolitan area. Visit www.novocoffee.com or call 303-295-7678 for more information.
This coffee tied for the fourth-highest rating in a cupping of coffees from the Great Lakes region of Africa for Coffee Review’s June 2018 tasting report. Processed by the honey method, which means that the outer skin of the coffee fruit is removed, as it is in the wet or “washed” process, but at least some of the sticky fruit residue is allowed to dry on the bean and later removed by machine along with the parchment skin. Benefiting from ideal growing conditions and large plantings of local strains of the heirloom Bourbon variety of Arabica, Burundi has recently emerged as a premier Africa fine coffee origin. Oughtred Coffee & Tea is based in Vancouver, Canada and is the 2018 Roast magazine Roaster of the Year in the macro category. Founded in 1973, this second generation, award-winning coffee roaster is focused on the sustainable procurement and roasting of some of the world's finest coffees. Visit http://oughtred.com/ for more information. Email [email protected] to place an order.
This coffee tied for the fifth-highest rating in a cupping of coffees from the Great Lakes region of Africa for Coffee Review’s June 2018 tasting report. Produced entirely from trees of the Bourbon variety of Arabica and processed at the Cyato Washing Station. Rwanda's potential as fine coffee producer has come to fruition over the past decade owing to the industry of its growers, support from international aid agencies, and the commitment of specialty coffee roasters. This is a wet-processed or “washed” coffee, meaning the fruit skin and pulp were removed from the beans immediately after harvesting and before drying. Big Creek Coffee Roasters is a small, quality-oriented batch roaster located in Montana’s Bitterroot Valley. Visit www.bigcreekcoffeeroasters.com or call 406-375-7508 for more information.
This coffee tied for the fifth-highest rating in a cupping of coffees from the Great Lakes region of Africa for Coffee Review’s June 2018 tasting report. Produced entirely of the Bourbon variety of Arabica by the Hingakawa Women's Cooperative, the first farmers’ association in Rwanda run entirely by women. This is a wet-processed or “washed” coffee, meaning the fruit skin and pulp were removed from the beans immediately after harvesting and before drying. It is certified fair trade, meaning it was purchased at a price no less than the minimum determined by the certifying agency to be economically sustainable for the farmers. Willoughby’s Coffee & Tea is a pioneer specialty coffee roaster established in the early 1980s that has gracefully and successfully moved with the times and now offers a menu of extremely refined small-lot, single-origin coffees. Visitwww.willoughbyscoffee.com or call 800-388-8400 for more information.
This coffee tied for the fifth-highest rating in a cupping of coffees from the Great Lakes region of Africa for Coffee Review’s June 2018 tasting report. Produced from the SL14, SL28 and Bugisu local varieties of Arabica and processed at the Kayagalanyi Kapchorwa Washing station in eastern Uganda near Mount Elgon. Established in 2009 by Amy and Scott Angelo, Oceana brews specialty coffees that have been roasted in small batches at its roasting house and café in Tequesta, Florida. Oceana reports that its staff is obsessed with every detail of the process, from sourcing the beans to how the coffee is poured, aimed at ensuring that every cup is as rich and resonant as it should be. Visit www.oceanacoffee.com for more information.
This coffee tied for the third-highest rating in a cupping of coffees from the Great Lakes region of Africa for Coffee Review’s June 2018 tasting report. Produced by Ben and Christy Carlson of Long Miles Coffee Project in Burundi. Benefiting from ideal growing conditions and large plantings of local strains of the heirloom Bourbon variety of Arabica, Burundi has recently emerged as a premier Africa fine coffee origin. This is a dry-processed or “natural” coffee, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit rather than after the fruit has been removed, as is the case with wet-processed or “washed” coffees. Olympia Coffee Roasting is a small-batch wholesale and retail roasting company with a youthful, no-nonsense style and a commitment to high-quality organic coffees. Visit www.olympiacoffeeroasting.com or call 360-753-0066 for more information.
This coffee tied for the third-highest rating in a cupping of coffees from the Great Lakes region of Africa for Coffee Review’s June 2018 tasting report. Benefiting from ideal growing conditions and large plantings of local strains of the heirloom Bourbon variety of Arabica, Burundi has recently emerged as a premier Africa fine coffee origin. This is a dry-processed or “natural” coffee, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit rather than after the fruit has been removed, as is the case with wet-processed or “washed” coffees. Reunion Island Coffee is a quality-oriented roasting company founded by Canadian specialty coffee veteran Peter Pesce. Visit www.reunionislandcoffee.com or call 800-565-5950 for more information.
This coffee tied for the fourth-highest rating in a cupping of coffees from the Great Lakes region of Africa for Coffee Review’s June 2018 tasting report. Produced by Ben and Christy Carlson of Long Miles Coffee Project in Burundi. Benefiting from ideal growing conditions and large plantings of local strains of the heirloom Bourbon variety of Arabica, Burundi has recently emerged as a premier Africa fine coffee origin. This is a dry-processed or “natural” coffee, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit rather than after the fruit has been removed, as is the case with wet-processed or “washed” coffees. Green Stone Coffee is a woman-owned artisan roastery in Taipei, founded in 2016 and specializing in sourcing distinctive coffees that express their individual terroirs. Visit http://www.greenstone-coffee.com.tw/en/info.html for more information.
This coffee tied for the fourth-highest rating in a cupping of coffees from the Great Lakes region of Africa for Coffee Review’s June 2018 tasting report. Produced by Ben and Christy Carlson of Long Miles Coffee Project in Burundi, and processed by the red honey method. With all honey processing methods, some sweet pulp or fruit flesh (“honey”) is allowed to adhere to the beans during drying. In the red honey variation, all or almost all of the pulp is allowed to dry on the beans, rather than only a portion of it, as would be the case with yellow honey. Benefiting from ideal growing conditions and large plantings of local strains of the heirloom Bourbon variety of Arabica, Burundi has recently emerged as a premier Africa fine coffee origin. Kakalove Café is a nano-roaster located in the small city of Chia-Yi in Taiwan that strives to procure and roast the finest quality coffee. Visit www.kakalovecafe.com.tw or email [email protected] for more information.
This coffee earned the highest rating in a cupping of coffees from the Great Lakes region of Africa for Coffee Review’s June 2018 tasting report. Produced from the admired Bourbon and Kent varieties of Arabica by smallholding farmers. This is a wet-processed or “washed” coffee, meaning the fruit skin and pulp were removed from the beans immediately after harvesting and before drying. JBC Coffee Roasters’ vision is simple: “let the coffee lead the way” through sourcing and roasting the best and most unique coffees available and rewarding the farmers who grow those coffees with substantial premiums. Visit www.jbccoffeeroasters.com or call 608-256-5282 for more information.
Produced by Ben and Christy Carlson of Long Miles Coffee Project in Burundi, and processed by the red honey method. With all honey processing methods, some sweet pulp or fruit flesh (“honey”) is allowed to adhere to the beans during drying. In the red honey variation, all or almost all of the pulp is allowed to dry on the beans, rather than only a portion of it, as would be the case with yellow honey. Benefiting from ideal growing conditions and large plantings of local strains of the heirloom Bourbon variety of Arabica, Burundi has recently emerged as a premier Africa fine coffee origin. Caffeic is a family-owned, Montana-based roaster with a focus on sourcing and sharing the highest-quality coffees available. Visit www.caffeic.coffee for more information.
Produced by Ato Esmael and his friends and family at their estate farm in the Guji Zone, one of several areas in southern Ethiopia. It is produced from distinctive traditional varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. Processed by the wet or washed method (fruit skin and pulp are removed before drying). Established in 2010, Red Rooster is an organic-certified micro-roaster focusing on socially conscious coffee and high-quality coffee. Visit redroostercoffee.com or call 540-745-7338 for more information.
This coffee was grown by indigenous Batak people, who have been involved in coffee production since the practice was brought to Sumatra by the Dutch in the late 19th century. Coffees from the northern part of the Indonesian island of Sumatra are admired for their complex aromatic wood and fruit notes that appear to result largely from unorthodox fruit removal and drying practices called “wet hulling.” This is a particularly refined example of the type. JBC Coffee Roasters’ vision is simple: “let the coffee lead the way” through sourcing and roasting the best and most unique coffees available and rewarding the farmers who grow those coffees with substantial premiums. Visit www.jbccoffeeroasters.com or call 608-256-5282 for more information.
An espresso blend comprised of a washed-process Ethiopia Kayon Mountain; a natural-processed Ethiopia Banko; and a washed-process Colombia Bella Vista. Established in 2010, Red Rooster is an organic-certified micro-roaster focusing on socially conscious coffee and high-quality coffee. Visit redroostercoffee.com or call 540-745-7338 for more information.
Zambia is a rare origin now, owing to the ravages of drought. Nevertheless, this version reflects the Zambia profile of some years ago, round and softly balanced, with the Africa floral and citrus/berry notes subdued but still distinct. Mystic Monk Coffee is a small-batch roaster associated with a Carmelite monastery located in the Rocky Mountains of northern Wyoming. The monks emphasize an artisan approach to roasting and a commitment to quality. Visit www.mysticmonkcoffee.com or call 877-751-6377 for more information.
Coffees like this one from the northern part of the Indonesian island of Sumatra are valued for their complex earth and fruit notes that appear to result largely from unorthodox fruit removal and drying practices called “wet-hulling.” Produced in the Lintong region south of Lake Toba, one of the oldest and arguably the most admired of Sumatra growing regions. Kakalove Café is a nano-roaster located in the small city of Chia-Yi in Taiwan that strives to procure and roast the finest quality coffee. Visit www.kakalovecafe.com.tw or email [email protected] for more information.
Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one are produced from distinctive traditional Ethiopian varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. This is a dry-processed or “natural” coffee, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit rather than after the fruit has been removed, as is the case with wet-processed or “washed” coffees. Small Eyes Cafe is a small, family-owned coffee shop in Yilan, Taiwan, specializing in artisanally roasted specialty coffee and homemade desserts. Visit https://www.facebook.com/Smalleyescafe for more information.
A blend of dried-in-the-fruit or “natural”-processed Ethiopia and Brazil coffees, a wet or washed-processed Ethiopia, and black honey-processed Costa Rica. Lin's Home Roasters is a Taiwan-based coffee studio focusing on quality and freshness across a range of blends and single-origin offerings. Lin’s vision is to convey happinesses and love through coffee. Visit https://www.facebook.com/LinsHomeRoasters/ for more information.
This is not an artificially flavored coffee. The blend name, Choice Caramel Dried Prune, refers to natural aroma and flavor notes that the blend aims to evoke. Creation Food Co. is a food service company with a specialty coffee division. It operates one of the few large-scale coffee production facilities in Taiwan. Visit www.creation.com.tw or call 0800-020-368 for more information.
A blend of natural-processed Brazil and washed-processed Ethiopia and Peru coffees, roasted for espresso. Pop Coffee Works is a Toronto-based specialty coffee roaster with an emphasis on seasonal coffees. Visit www.popcoffeeworks.com
This coffee tied for the fifth-highest rating in a tasting of ready-to-drink bottled black coffees for Coffee Review’s July 2018 tasting report. Sold in 12-ounce bottles. Prepared by the cold-brew method, which involves prolonged steeping of ground coffee in cold or room-temperature water and subsequent filtering. No additives or ingredients other than coffee and water. The green coffee used to produce the tested beverage is a single-origin coffee from Guatemala. Barefoot Coffee is an award-winning small-batch roasting company with a roastery, two cafés, a mobile coffee bar and robust coffee education programs in California’s Silicon Valley. Visit www.barefootcoffee.com or call 408-293-7200 for more information.
This coffee earned the fifth-highest rating in a tasting of natural-processed single-origin espressos for Coffee Review’s August 2018 tasting report. Produced at Fazenda Sertãozinho entirely of the Yellow Bourbon variety of Arabica and processed by the natural method, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit rather than after the fruit has been removed, as is the case with wet-processed or “washed” coffees. AUTO Coffee is a small coffee roastery based in New Taipei City, Taiwan. Visit www.holdcafe.com for more information.
This coffee tied for the second-highest rating in a tasting of natural-processed single-origin espressos for Coffee Review’s August 2018 tasting report. “Twakok” comes from the words “tafac,” which means “sweet” and “kok,” which means “peach.” Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one are largely produced from distinctive traditional Ethiopian varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. Like most southern Ethiopia coffees, this coffee is produced by villagers on small garden plots interplanted with food and other subsistence crops. This is a dry-processed or “natural” version, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit rather than after the fruit has been removed, as is the case with wet-processed or “washed” coffees. Kakalove Café is a nano-roaster located in the small city of Chia-Yi in Taiwan that strives to procure and roast the finest quality coffee. Visit www.kakalovecafe.com.tw or email kah[email protected] for more information.
This exceptional coffee was selected as the No. 27 coffee on Coffee Review’s list of the Top 30 Coffees of 2018. This coffee tied for the second-highest rating in a tasting of natural-processed single-origin espressos for Coffee Review’s August 2018 tasting report. Produced by Oscar and Francisca Chacon entirely from trees of the Caturra variety of Arabica; certified organically grown. Processed by “natural” or dry method, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit rather than after the fruit has been removed, as is the case with wet-processed or “washed” coffees. Magnolia Coffee is a Charlotte, North Carolina-based specialty roaster whose motto is “Craft Roasted. Truly Delicious. Socially Conscious.” Magnolia Coffee focuses on direct-trade coffees that make a difference in the lives of the coffee harvesters and their communities.Visit www.magnoliacoffeeco.com or call 704-651-7726 for more information.
This coffee tied for the second-highest rating in a tasting of natural-processed single-origin espressos for Coffee Review’s August 2018 tasting report. A blend of natural-processed coffees from the Shakiso, Guji, Oromia and Sidamo growing regions of Ethiopia. Southern Ethiopia coffees like these are largely produced from distinctive traditional Ethiopian varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. The components of this blend are dry-processed or “natural” coffees, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit rather than after the fruit has been removed, as is the case with wet-processed or “washed” coffees. Revel Coffee is a micro-roaster located in Billings, Montana. Its motto: “Quality is paramount—a difference you can revel in.” Visit www.revelcoffee.com or call 406-534-9621 for more information.
This coffee tied for the third-highest rating in a tasting of natural-processed single-origin espressos for Coffee Review’s August 2018 tasting report. USDA organic-certified. Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one are largely produced from traditional Ethiopian varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. Processed by “natural” or dry method, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit rather than after the fruit has been removed, as is the case with wet-processed or “washed” coffees. Like most southern Ethiopia coffees, this coffee is produced by villagers on small, garden plots interplanted with food and other subsistence crops. Wonderstate Coffee, formerly Kickapoo Coffee, is an award-winning roaster based in rural Wisconsin known for their commitment to guaranteeing higher pay for farmers and being the country’s first 100% solar powered roastery. Visit https://wonderstate.com for more information.
This exceptional coffee was selected as the No. 24 coffee on Coffee Review’s list of the Top 30 Coffees of 2018.  This coffee tied for the highest rating in a tasting of natural-processed single-origin espressos for Coffee Review’s August 2018 tasting report. With its generally elongated beans and distinctive floral and crisp, often chocolaty cup, the Gesha variety of Arabica continues to distinguish itself as one of the world’s rarest and most unique coffees. Although the Gesha originated in Ethiopia, it was “discovered” by the coffee world in 2004 growing in Boquete, Panama, and Panama continues to dominate the expanding world of Gesha. This particular version, however, is the outcome of efforts to commercialize Gesha in the region from which it originally came. It was grown in western Ethiopia by farmers Adam and Rachel Overton and their indigenous Meanit culture collaborators from seed selected from wild trees in the nearby Gori Gesha forest. This is a dry-processed or “natural” version, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit rather than after the soft fruit residue has been removed, as is the case with wet-processed or “washed” coffees. Small Eyes Café is a small, family-owned coffee shop in Yilan, Taiwan, specializing in artisanally roasted specialty coffee and homemade desserts. Visit https://www.facebook.com/Smalleyescafe for more information.
This coffee tied for the highest rating in a tasting of natural-processed single-origin espressos for Coffee Review’s August 2018 tasting report. Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one are largely produced from distinctive traditional Ethiopian varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. Like virtually all southern Ethiopia coffees, this coffee is produced by villagers on small garden plots interplanted with food and other subsistence crops. This is a dry-processed or “natural” version, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit rather than after the soft fruit residue has been removed, as is the case with wet-processed or “washed” coffees. Helen Chen, of Taokas Studio Coffee, is a Taiwan-based nano-roaster whose specialty coffees are available via her Facebook shop: https://goo.gl/4YPoAd.
This coffee tied for the second-highest rating in a tasting of natural-processed single-origin espressos for Coffee Review’s August 2018 tasting report. Haraz (also Haraaz, other spellings) is a celebrated coffee growing region in north-central Yemen, west of the capital of San’a. Although Ethiopia is the botanical home of Coffea arabica, Yemen introduced the beverage to the rest of the world in the 16th and 17th centuries, and Yemeni coffee is still grown from ancient cultivars and sun-dried, usually on the roofs of stone houses. This is a particularly refined example of the type. Dragonfly Coffee is a Boulder, Colorado-based micro-roaster that produces high-quality coffees and supports worthy causes. Visit www.dragonflycoffeeroasters.com or call 303-579-2154 for more information.
This exceptional coffee was selected as the No. 14 coffee on Coffee Review’s list of the Top 30 Coffees of 2018. This coffee tied for the highest rating in a tasting of natural-processed single-origin espressos for Coffee Review’s August 2018 tasting report. Produced by Oscar and Francisca Chacon entirely from trees of the Caturra variety of Arabica; certified organically grown. Processed by the “natural” or dry method, meaning the beans were dried inside the entire fruit rather than after the soft fruit residue has been removed, as is the case with wet-processed or “washed” coffees. Located in southwestern Colorado, Durango Coffee lays claim to a rich coffee history that dates to 1986. Its motto is “Tough Town, Great Coffee.” Visit www.durangocoffee.com or call 800-748-2275 for more information.
A blend of two coffees: a washed-processed Guatemala and a natural-processed Ethiopia. Founded by roaster Keith Gehrke in 2015, States Coffee is a single-location community-focused coffee shop in downtown Martinez, California, featuring coffee roasted in-house and artisan-made goods. Visit www.statescoffee.com for more information.
From the Deri Kochoha mill in the Hagere Maryame District, a little south of the famous Yirgacheffe region, where coffees largely from trees of varieties long grown in the region are subject to classically rigorous, traditional processing and drying procedures. This is a wet-processed or “washed” coffee, meaning the fruit skin and pulp were removed from the beans immediately after harvesting and before drying. Founded by roaster Keith Gehrke in 2015, States Coffee is a single-location community-focused coffee shop in downtown Martinez, California, featuring coffee roasted in-house and artisan-made goods. Visit www.statescoffee.com for more information.
Produced at Finca Terrazas, entirely from trees of the San Ramon variety of Arabica. This is a wet-processed or “washed” coffee, meaning the fruit skin and pulp were removed from the beans immediately after harvesting and before drying. Founded by roaster Keith Gehrke in 2015, States Coffee is a single-location community-focused coffee shop in downtown Martinez, California, featuring coffee roasted in-house and artisan-made goods. Visit www.statescoffee.com for more information.
Produced by some of the 900 small-holding farmers participating in the Suyusama Program, a project focused on coffee quality and environmental and socio-economic sustainability. From trees of the Colombia, Castillo and Caturra varieties. Processed by the wet or “washed” method, in which skin and fruit flesh are removed from the beans or seeds before they are dried. Bird Rock Coffee Roasters is a retailer and wholesaler focused on organic and socially responsible coffees; it was awarded the “2012 Micro-Roaster of the Year” title by Roast Magazine. Visit www.birdrockcoffee.com or call 858-551-1707 for more information.
Produced by small-holding farmers in northern Peru from trees of the Bourbon, Caturra and Typica varieties of Arabica. Processed by the wet or “washed” method, in which skin and fruit flesh are removed from the beans or seeds before they are dried. Espresso Republic, founded in 2010, specializes in sourcing quality coffees and roasting them in small batches for both retail and wholesale customers. Visit www.espressorepublic.com for more information.
Produced by some of the over 700 small-holding farmers of the La Prosperidad de Chirinos cooperative in northern Peru from trees of the Bourbon and Caturra varieties of Arabica. Processed by the wet or “washed” method, in which skin and fruit flesh are removed from the beans or seeds before they are dried. Espresso Republic, founded in 2010, specializes in sourcing quality coffees and roasting them in small batches for both retail and wholesale customers. Visit www.espressorepublic.com for more information.
Produced by the New Kiriti Farmers Cooperative Society and processed at the Gondo Wet Mill. Produced entirely from trees of the much-admired, Bourbon-derived SL28 variety of Arabica. Despite grower discontent and urban encroachment on prime coffee lands, Kenya continues to produce some of the world’s most elegant and distinctive coffees. Temple Coffee is a quality-focused retail and wholesale specialty roaster active in Sacramento, California since 2005. Committed to sourcing, roasting and brewing the finest coffees, Temple features coffee from distinguished single estates and cooperatives around the world. Visit www.templecoffee.com or call 916-454-1282 for more information.
Produced by Esteban Zamora at La Cruz de Tarrazu and processed by the wet or washed method (fruit skin and pulp are removed before drying). Temple Coffee is a quality-focused retail and wholesale specialty roaster active in Sacramento, California since 2005. Committed to sourcing, roasting and brewing the finest coffees, Temple features coffee from distinguished single estates and cooperatives around the world. Visit www.templecoffee.com or call 916-454-1282 for more information.
Despite grower discontent and urban encroachment on prime coffee lands, Kenya continues to produce some of the world’s most elegant and distinctive coffees. Evie’s Café, based in Chia-Yi Taiwan, specializes in fine roasted coffees as well as pour-overs and cold-brews. Visit https://m.facebook.com/eviescafe88/ for more information.
This exceptional coffee was selected as the No. 12 coffee on Coffee Review’s list of the Top 30 Coffees of 2018. Produced entirely from trees of the Maracaturra variety of Arabica. Maracaturra is a cross between the workhorse, compact-growing variety Caturra (itself a mutant of the heirloom Bourbon) and the rare, huge-beaned Maragogipe, making it a parallel variety to the better-known Pacamara, a cross between Maragogipe and Pacas (also a mutant selection of Bourbon). This is a wet-processed or “washed” version, meaning the fruit skin and pulp were removed from the beans immediately after harvesting and before drying. Roasted at PT’s Coffee, where the motto is “without the love, it’s just coffee.” Visit www.ptscoffee.com or call 888-678-5282 for more information.
Yirgacheffe is a coffee region in southern Ethiopia that produces distinctive coffees from traditional varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. Yirgacheffe coffees like this one processed by the wet or washed method (fruit skin and pulp are removed before drying) typically express great aromatic complexity and intensity with a particular emphasis on floral notes. Almost all Yirgacheffe coffees are produced by villagers on small, garden plots interplanted with food and other subsistence crops. Kakalove Café is a nano-roaster located in the small city of Chia-Yi in Taiwan that strives to procure and roast the finest quality coffee. Visit www.kakalovecafe.com.tw or email [email protected] for more information.
Produced by Jorge Heberto Villatoro Gómez on his farm Finca Miralvalle. Crown & Fancy is a Taiwanese specialty coffee roaster and 48-location retailing chain founded in 2000 and focused on quality and distinction from bean to cup. For more information visit www.crownfancy.com.
Yirgacheffe is a coffee region in southern Ethiopia that produces distinctive coffees from traditional varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. This is a “natural” or dry-processed version, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit, encouraging a flavor profile that is less predictable and deeper than the more familiar wet-processed floral- and citrus-toned Yirgacheffe profile. Like virtually all southern Ethiopia coffees, this coffee is produced by villagers on small, garden plots interplanted with food and other subsistence crops. Green Stone Coffee is a woman-owned artisan roastery in Taipei, founded in 2016 and specializing in sourcing distinctive coffees that express their individual terroirs. Visit http://www.greenstone-coffee.com.tw/en/info.html for more information.
Produced by Ato Esmael and his friends and family at their estate farm in the Guji Zone of southern Ethiopia. It is largely produced from distinctive traditional varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. This is a dry-processed or “natural” coffee, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit rather than after the fruit has been removed, as is the case with wet-processed or “washed” coffees. Founded in 1990, Lexington Coffee is an award-winning artisan roasting company based in Virginia. Lexington’s focus on fresh, flavorful and sustainable coffee is reflected in its motto, “Fresh, Flavorful & Fair.” Visit www.lexingtoncoffee.com or call 800-322-6505 for more information.
Produced by Jairo Alcaraz at Finca La Honda of the Caturra and Colombia varieties of Arabica. This is a wet-processed or “washed” coffee, meaning the fruit skin and pulp were removed from the beans immediately after harvesting and before drying. Temple Coffee is a quality-focused retail and wholesale specialty roaster active in Sacramento, California since 2005. Committed to sourcing, roasting and brewing the finest coffees, Temple features coffee from distinguished single estates and cooperatives around the world. Visit www.templecoffee.com or call 916-454-1282 for more information.
A blend of natural-processed and wet-processed coffees from the celebrated Yirgacheffe region of Ethiopia, together with a wet-processed coffee from Kenya. MoonMoon Coffee is a Taiwan community coffee retailer and roaster that believes that “coffee is life, and we keep making the coffee better.” MoonMoon in mandarin means “friends.” For more information visit www.facebook.com/mu2coffee/.
One of the world’s most celebrated coffees presented in a Nespresso-compatible capsule. Coffee from trees of the botanical variety Geisha (also Gesha) grown on Hacienda La Esmeralda in Panama first introduced this extraordinary variety of Arabica to the world. With its bold, boat-shaped beans and distinctive floral and crisply cacao-toned cup, the Gesha continues to be one of the world’s most celebrated and sought-after coffee varieties, and the Esmeralda versions remain among the most authentic. This is a wet-processed or “washed” version, meaning the fruit skin and pulp were removed from the beans immediately after harvesting and before drying. Difference Coffee aims to present only the finest of the world’s coffees as determined by green coffee competitions and other measures of distinction, tactfully roasted and presented in capsules compatible with Nespresso capsule brewing systems. For more information visit www.differencecoffee.com.
Produced by Girma Eshetu on his single-farmer estate from trees of varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. This is a wet-processed or “washed” coffee, meaning the fruit skin and pulp were removed from the beans immediately after harvesting and before drying. Propeller is a Toronto-based micro-roaster with a dedication to careful selection and exceptional craft roasting of high-end coffees. Visit www.propellercoffee.com or call 416-479-3771 for more information.
Produced by a cooperative of 1,300 small-holding farmers in Huehuetenango, Guatemala. This coffee is certified organically grown and certified fair trade, the latter meaning it was purchased at no less than a minimum price determined by the certifying agency to be economically sustainable for the farmers. Paradise Roasters specializes in micro-lot Arabica and Robusta coffees from Asia and other emerging origins. The company prides itself on quality and freshness, craft-roasting coffees in small batches only after orders are placed. Visit www.paradiseroasters.com or call 763-433-0626 for more information.
Produced by members of the Rungeto Farmer’s Cooperative Society from trees of the heirloom SL28 and SL34, and recent hybrid Ruiru 11 and Batian varieties of Arabica. Despite grower discontent and urban encroachment on prime coffee lands, Kenya continues to produce some of the world’s most elegant and distinctive coffees. JBC Coffee Roasters’ vision is simple: “let the coffee lead the way” through sourcing and roasting the best and most unique coffees available and rewarding the farmers who grow those coffees with substantial premiums. Visit www.jbccoffeeroasters.com or call 608-256-5282 for more information.
Produced by Rosevel Ortiz Escarpeta from trees of the Caturra and Castillo varieties of Arabica and processed by the natural method, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit rather than after the fruit has been removed, as is the case with wet-processed or “washed” coffees. Soul Work Coffee focuses on sourcing exceptional coffees and meticulously roasting them for memorable sensory experiences. Visit www.soulworkcoffee.com for more information.
Produced by Hugo Chavez Mendez from trees of the Bourbon, Caturra and  Mundo Novo varieties of Arabica. This is a wet-processed or “washed” coffee, meaning the fruit skin and pulp were removed from the beans immediately after harvesting and before drying. Soul Work Coffee focuses on sourcing exceptional coffees and meticulously roasting them for memorable sensory experiences. Visit www.soulworkcoffee.com for more information.
Produced by Antonio Gualguan at Finca La Loma, entirely from trees of the Caturra variety of Arabica. This is a wet-processed or “washed” coffee, meaning the fruit skin and pulp were removed from the beans immediately after harvesting and before drying. Soul Work Coffee focuses on sourcing exceptional coffees and meticulously roasting them for memorable sensory experiences. Visit www.soulworkcoffee.com for more information.
This coffee tied for the third-highest rating in a tasting of natural-processed single-origin espressos for Coffee Review’s August 2018 tasting report. Produced by Rigoberto Herrera at Café Granja La Esperanza entirely from trees of the Colombia variety of Arabica. This is a dry-processed or “natural” coffee, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit rather than after the fruit has been removed, as is the case with wet-processed or “washed” coffees. Roasted at PT’s Coffee, where the motto is “without the love, it’s just coffee.” Visit www.ptscoffee.com or call 888-678-5282 for more information.
This coffee tied for the fourth-highest rating in a tasting of natural-processed single-origin espressos for Coffee Review’s August 2018 tasting report. Produced at Tirra Estate by members of Coopetarrazu Cooperative from trees of the Caturra and Catuai varieties of Arabica. Processed by the natural method, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit rather than after the fruit has been removed, as is the case with wet-processed or “washed” coffees. Argyle Coffee Roasters aims to provide people the opportunity to drink better coffee through education, outreach, and creating connections. Visit www.argylecoffeeroasters.com for more information.
This coffee is available exclusively as a part of the Barrington Coffee Curated Collection, which includes four ounces each of three distinguished coffees for $39.95. Despite grower discontent and urban encroachment on prime coffee lands, Kenya continues to produce some of the world’s most elegant and distinctive coffees. Produced by members of the Othaya Cooperative from trees of the SL28, SL34, Ruiru 11 and Batian varieties of Arabica. Barrington Coffee is an artisan roaster dedicated to elite coffees, fresh delivery and roasting that foregrounds the coffee and not the roast. Visit www.barringtoncoffee.com or call 800-528-0998 for more information.
This coffee is available exclusively as a part of the Barrington Coffee Curated Collection, which includes four ounces each of three distinguished coffees for $39.95. Toarco (TOraja ARabica COffee) is a coffee project in the famous Sulawesi coffee growing region of Toraja developed and financed by Japan’s Key Coffee Company and its Indonesian partners. Toarco coffees are processed by variants of the orthodox wet or washed method, giving them a brighter and cleaner profile than Sulawesi coffees processed by the locally traditional wet-hulling method. Barrington Coffee is an artisan roaster dedicated to elite coffees, fresh delivery and roasting that foregrounds the coffee and not the roast. Visit www.barringtoncoffee.com or call 800-528-0998 for more information.
Yirgacheffe coffees like this one are largely produced from traditional Ethiopian varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. This is a “natural” or dry-processed version, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit, encouraging a flavor profile that is less predictable and deeper than the wet-processed or “washed” floral- and citrus-toned Yirgacheffe profile. Like virtually all coffees from the Yirgacheffe region, this coffee is produced by villagers on small, garden plots interplanted with food and other subsistence crops. Dragonfly Coffee is a Boulder, Colorado-based micro-roaster that produces high-quality coffees and supports worthy causes. Visit www.dragonflycoffeeroasters.com or call 303-579-2154 for more information.
Yirgacheffe coffees like this one are largely produced from traditional Ethiopian varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. This is a “natural” or dry-processed version, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit, encouraging a flavor profile that is less predictable and deeper than the wet-processed or “washed” floral- and citrus-toned Yirgacheffe profile. Like virtually all coffees from the Yirgacheffe region, this coffee is produced by villagers on small, garden plots interplanted with food and other subsistence crops. Dragonfly Coffee is a Boulder, Colorado-based micro-roaster that produces high-quality coffees and supports worthy causes. Visit www.dragonflycoffeeroasters.com or call 303-579-2154 for more information.
Produced by Verónica Lantan Vela de Acajabon at Finca El General from trees of the Typica and Bourbon varieties of Arabica. This is a wet-processed or “washed” coffee, meaning the fruit skin and pulp were removed from the beans immediately after harvesting and before drying. Acatenango is the name of a coffee-growing municipality as well as a famous volcano overlooking the Antigua Valley of Guatemala. Kakalove Café is a nano-roaster located in the small city of Chia-Yi in Taiwan that strives to procure and roast the finest quality coffee. Visit www.kakalovecafe.com.tw or email [email protected] for more information.
An espresso blend comprised of coffees from Ethiopia, Kenya, Colombia, Nicaragua and Sumatra. Kakalove Café is a nano-roaster located in the small city of Chia-Yi in Taiwan that strives to procure and roast the finest quality coffee. Visit www.kakalovecafe.com.tw or email [email protected] for more information.
Produced at Conquista Farm from trees of the Red Catuai and Yellow Catuai varieties of Arabica and processed by the pulped natural method, meaning that the outer skin of the coffee fruit is removed as it is in the wet or “washed” process, but at least some of the sticky fruit residue is allowed to dry on the bean and later removed by machine along with the parchment skin. Good Coffee Club pays a premium to the farm’s non-profit partner, Socially Conscious Coffee, which provides education, healthcare and sustainable teaching practices to help improve the lives of the coffee harvesters and their families. Visit https://goodcoffeeclub.com/ for more information.
Despite challenges ranging from unclear government coffee policy and urban encroachment on prime coffee lands to chronically unstable weather, the famed Kenya coffee auction system and its participating cooperatives continue to produce some of the world’s most elegant and distinctive coffees. AA is the highest grade of Kenya coffee based on bean size and freedom from physical imperfections. Big Creek Coffee Roasters is a small, quality-oriented batch roaster located in Montana’s Bitterroot Valley. Visit www.bigcreekcoffeeroasters.com or call 406-375-7508 for more information.
Limu (also spelled Limmu) is a growing region in southern Ethiopia that produces distinctive coffees from traditional, largely indigenous varieties of Arabica long grown in the area. Ethiopian coffees like this one processed by the wet or washed method (fruit skin and pulp are removed before drying) typically express great aromatic complexity and intensity with a particular emphasis on floral notes. Big Shoulders Coffee is a Chicago artisan roaster that emphasizes a fresh-roasted, no-nonsense approach to fine coffee. Visit www.bigshoulderscoffee.com or call 312-888-3042 for more information.
Produced by Heleanna Georgalis from distinctive, largely indigenous varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. This is a dry-processed or “natural” coffee, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit rather than after the fruit has been removed, as is the case with wet-processed or “washed” coffees. Big Creek Coffee Roasters is a small, quality-oriented batch roaster located in Montana’s Bitterroot Valley. Visit www.bigcreekcoffeeroasters.com or call 406-375-7508 for more information.
Southern Ethiopia produces distinctive coffees from traditional, largely indigenous varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. This is a “natural” or dry-processed version, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit rather than after the fruit has been removed, as is the case with wet-processed or “washed” coffees. Big Shoulders Coffee is a Chicago artisan roaster that emphasizes a fresh-roasted, no-nonsense approach to fine coffee. Visit www.bigshoulderscoffee.com or call 312-888-3042 for more information.
Produced by Ato Esmael and his friends and family at their estate farm in the Guji Zone of southern Ethiopia. Certified organic and produced from distinctive, largely indigenous varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. Coffees like this one processed by the wet or washed method (fruit skin and pulp is removed before drying) typically express great aromatic complexity and intensity with a particular emphasis on citrus and floral notes. Big Creek Coffee Roasters is a small, quality-oriented batch roaster located in Montana’s Bitterroot Valley. Visit www.bigcreekcoffeeroasters.com or call 406-375-7508 for more information.
Produced by Petronilo Martinez of La Garita Farm entirely from trees of the heirloom Bourbon variety of Arabica. This is a wet-processed or “washed” coffee, meaning the fruit skin and pulp were removed from the beans immediately after harvesting and before drying. Big Creek Coffee Roasters is a small, quality-oriented batch roaster located in Montana’s Bitterroot Valley. Visit www.bigcreekcoffeeroasters.com or call 406-375-7508 for more information.
Southern Ethiopia produces distinctive coffees from largely indigenous, traditional varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. Coffees like this one processed by the wet or washed method (fruit skin and pulp is removed before drying) typically express great aromatic complexity and intensity with a particular emphasis on citrus and floral notes. Founded in 2015, the Greater Goods mission is to enrich the lives of coffee-drinkers through passion, creativity, innovation and commitment to the consistency of the specialty coffee the company roasts, and through the local causes supported with its proceeds. Visit greatergoodsroasting.com or call 512-858-2680 for more information.
Southern Ethiopia produces distinctive coffees from traditional, largely indigenous varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. This is a “natural” or dry-processed version, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit rather than after the fruit has been removed, as is the case with wet-processed or “washed” coffees. Revel Coffee is a micro-roaster located in Billings, Montana. Its motto: “Quality is paramount—a difference you can revel in.” Visit www.revelcoffee.com or call 406-534-9621 for more information.
Produced by the Kabare Cooperative from trees of the admired SL28 and SL34 varieties of Arabica. Despite challenges ranging from unclear government coffee policy and urban encroachment on prime coffee lands to chronically unstable weather, the famed Kenya coffee auction system and its participating cooperatives continue to produce some of the world’s most elegant and distinctive coffees. AA is the highest grade of Kenya coffee based on bean size and freedom from physical imperfections. Revel Coffee is a micro-roaster located in Billings, Montana. Its motto: “Quality is paramount—a difference you can revel in.” Visit www.revelcoffee.com or call 406-534-9621 for more information.
Produced by Maria Elena Botto of Finca Nombre de Dios entirely from trees of the heirloom Bourbon variety of Arabica. Processed by the honey method, which means that the outer skin is removed as it is in the wet or “washed” process, but at least some of the sticky fruit residue is allowed to dry on the bean and later removed by machine along with the parchment skin. Red Rock Roasters was founded in Albuquerque, New Mexico in 1993 in a family barn and remains family-owned and focused on quality and freshness. Visit www.redrockroasters.com or call 800-873-9793 for more information.
Limu (also spelled Limmu) is a growing region in southern Ethiopia that produces distinctive coffees from traditional varieties of Arabica long grown in the area. Ethiopian coffees like this one processed by the wet or washed method (fruit skin and pulp are removed before drying) typically express great aromatic complexity and intensity with a particular emphasis on floral notes. Temple Coffee is a quality-focused retail and wholesale specialty roaster active in Sacramento, California since 2005. Committed to sourcing, roasting and brewing the finest coffees, Temple features coffee from distinguished single estates and cooperatives around the world. Visit www.templecoffee.com or call 916-454-1282 for more information.
Produced by members of the Kabare Farmer's Cooperative Society from trees of the SL28, SL34 and Ruiru 11 varieties of Arabica. Despite grower discontent, contested government coffee policy and urban encroachment on prime coffee lands, the famed Kenya coffee auction system and its participating cooperatives continue to produce some of the world’s most elegant and distinctive coffees. Temple Coffee is a quality-focused retail and wholesale specialty roaster active in Sacramento, California since 2005. Committed to sourcing, roasting and brewing the finest coffees, Temple features coffee from distinguished single estates and cooperatives around the world. Visit www.templecoffee.com or call 916-454-1282 for more information.
Produced by the Ruiz family from trees of the Caturra and Catuai varieties of Arabica and processed by the black honey method. With all honey processing methods, some sweet pulp or fruit flesh (“honey”) is allowed to adhere to the beans during drying. In the black honey variation, the beans are subjected to a slower drying process than is the case with yellow or red honey processing. Temple Coffee is a quality-focused retail and wholesale specialty roaster active in Sacramento, California since 2005. Committed to sourcing, roasting and brewing the finest coffees, Temple features coffee from distinguished single estates and cooperatives around the world. Visit www.templecoffee.com or call 916-454-1282 for more information.
This exceptional coffee was selected as the No. 15 coffee on Coffee Review’s list of the Top 30 Coffees of 2018. Yirgacheffe is a coffee region in southern Ethiopia that produces distinctive coffees from traditional varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. Yirgacheffe coffees like this one processed by the wet or washed method (fruit skin and pulp are removed before drying) typically express great aromatic complexity and intensity with a particular emphasis on floral notes. Almost all Yirgacheffe coffees are produced by villagers on small, garden plots interplanted with food and other subsistence crops. JBC Coffee Roasters’ vision is simple: “let the coffee lead the way” through sourcing and roasting the best and most unique coffees available and rewarding the farmers who grow those coffees with substantial premiums. Visit www.jbccoffeeroasters.com or call 608-256-5282 for more information.
Yirgacheffe is a coffee region in southern Ethiopia that produces distinctive coffees from traditional varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. Yirgacheffe coffees like this one processed by the wet or washed method (fruit skin and pulp are removed before drying) typically express great aromatic complexity and intensity with a particular emphasis on floral notes. Almost all Yirgacheffe coffees are produced by villagers on small, garden plots interplanted with food and other subsistence crops. JBC Coffee Roasters’ vision is simple: “let the coffee lead the way” through sourcing and roasting the best and most unique coffees available and rewarding the farmers who grow those coffees with substantial premiums. Visit www.jbccoffeeroasters.com or call 608-256-5282 for more information.
This coffee is certified organically grown and certified fair trade, the latter meaning it was purchased at no less than a minimum price determined by the certifying agency to be economically sustainable for farmers. Produced by the Asociación de Productores Ecológicos de Planadas (ASOPEP) and  Asociación de Agricultores y Productores de Café Especial de Montalvo (AGPROCEM) from trees of the Castillo, Caturra, Colombia and Typica varieties of Arabica. It is a wet-processed or “washed” coffee, meaning the fruit skin and pulp were removed from the beans immediately after harvesting and before drying. JBC Coffee Roasters’ vision is simple: “let the coffee lead the way” through sourcing and roasting the best and most unique coffees available and rewarding the farmers who grow those coffees with substantial premiums. Visit www.jbccoffeeroasters.com or call 608-256-5282 for more information.
This exceptional coffee was selected as the No. 4 coffee on Coffee Review’s list of the Top 30 Coffees of 2018. Produced from the admired Bourbon and Kent varieties of Arabica by smallholding farmers. This is a wet-processed or “washed” coffee, meaning the fruit skin and pulp were removed from the beans immediately after harvesting and before drying. Founded in 1990, Lexington Coffee is an award-winning artisan roasting company based in Virginia. Lexington’s focus on fresh, flavorful and sustainable coffee is reflected in its motto, “Fresh, Flavorful & Fair.” Visit www.lexingtoncoffee.com or call 800-322-6505 for more information.
Certified organic. Produced at Finca Gachepelin by Oscar and Francisca Chacon from trees of the Villa Sarchi and Caturra varieties of Arabica and processed at Las Lajas micromill by the red honey method. With all honey processing methods, some sweet pulp or fruit flesh (“honey”) is allowed to adhere to the beans during drying. In the red honey variation, all or almost all of the pulp is allowed to dry on the beans, rather than only a portion of it, as would be the case with yellow honey. Founded in 1990, Lexington Coffee is an award-winning artisan roasting company based in Virginia. Lexington’s focus on fresh, flavorful and sustainable coffee is reflected in its motto, “Fresh, Flavorful & Fair.” Visit www.lexingtoncoffee.com or call 800-322-6505 for more information.
This exceptional coffee was selected as the No. 19 coffee on Coffee Review’s list of the Top 30 Coffees of 2018. This coffee is available exclusively as a part of the Barrington Coffee Curated Collection, which includes four ounces each of three distinguished coffees for $39.95. Produced at La Berlina Estate from trees of the botanical variety Geisha (also Gesha). With its bold, boat-shaped beans and distinctive floral and crisply cacao-toned cup, the Gesha continues to be one of the world’s most sought-after coffees, and the Esmeralda versions remain among the most authentic. This is a wet-processed or “washed” version, meaning the fruit skin and pulp were removed from the beans immediately after harvesting and before drying. Barrington Coffee is an artisan roaster dedicated to elite coffees, fresh delivery and roasting that foregrounds the coffee and not the roast. Visit www.barringtoncoffee.com or call 800-528-0998 for more information.
Despite grower discontent, contested government coffee policy and urban encroachment on prime coffee lands, the famed Kenya coffee auction system and its participating cooperatives continue to produce some of the world’s most elegant and distinctive coffees. JBC Coffee Roasters’ vision is simple: “let the coffee lead the way” through sourcing and roasting the best and most unique coffees available and rewarding the farmers who grow those coffees with substantial premiums. Visit www.jbccoffeeroasters.com or call 608-256-5282 for more information.
This exceptional coffee was selected as the No. 20 coffee on Coffee Review’s list of the Top 30 Coffees of 2018. Produced by the Baragwi Farmers Co-operative Society from trees of the SL28, Ruiru 11 and SL34 varieties of Arabica. Despite grower discontent, contested government coffee policy and urban encroachment on prime coffee lands, the famed Kenya coffee auction system and its participating cooperatives continue to produce some of the world’s most elegant and distinctive coffees. Temple Coffee is a quality-focused retail and wholesale specialty roaster active in Sacramento, California since 2005. Committed to sourcing, roasting and brewing the finest coffees, Temple features coffee from distinguished single estates and cooperatives around the world. Visit www.templecoffee.com or call 916-454-1282 for more information.
Despite grower discontent, contested government coffee policy and urban encroachment on prime coffee lands, the famed Kenya coffee auction system and its participating cooperatives continue to produce some of the world’s most elegant and distinctive coffees. JBC Coffee Roasters’ vision is simple: “let the coffee lead the way” through sourcing and roasting the best and most unique coffees available and rewarding the farmers who grow those coffees with substantial premiums. Visit www.jbccoffeeroasters.com or call 608-256-5282 for more information.
This exceptional coffee was selected as the No. 16 coffee on Coffee Review’s list of the Top 30 Coffees of 2018.  This coffee earned the highest rating in a cupping of coffees from U.S. Mountain States roasters for Coffee Review’s October 2018 tasting report. Coffee from trees of the botanical variety Geisha (also Gesha) grown on Hacienda La Esmeralda in Panama first introduced this extraordinary variety of Arabica to the world. With its bold, boat-shaped beans and distinctive floral and crisply cacao-toned cup, the Geisha/Gesha continues to be one of the world’s most celebrated and sought-after coffee varieties, and the Esmeralda versions remain among the most authentic. This is a dry-processed or “natural” version, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit rather than after the soft fruit residue has been removed, as is the case with wet-processed or “washed” coffees. Dragonfly Coffee is a Boulder, Colorado-based micro-roaster that produces high-quality coffees and supports worthy causes. Visit www.dragonflycoffeeroasters.com or call 303-579-2154 for more information.
This coffee earned the second-highest rating in a cupping of coffees from U.S. Mountain States roasters for Coffee Review’s October 2018 tasting report. Despite challenges ranging from contested government coffee policy and urban encroachment on prime coffee lands to chronically unstable weather, Kenya continues to produce some of the world’s most elegant and distinctive coffees. Revel Coffee is a micro-roaster located in Billings, Montana. Its motto: “Quality is paramount—a difference you can revel in.” Visit www.revelcoffee.com or call 406-534-9621 for more information.
This coffee tied for the third-highest rating in a cupping of coffees from U.S. Mountain States roasters for Coffee Review’s October 2018 tasting report. Despite challenges ranging from contested government coffee policy and urban encroachment on prime coffee lands to chronically unstable weather, Kenya continues to produce some of the world’s most elegant and distinctive coffees. Big Creek Coffee Roasters is a small, quality-oriented batch roaster located in Montana’s Bitterroot Valley. Visit www.bigcreekcoffeeroasters.com or call 406-375-7508 for more information.
This coffee tied for the third-highest rating in a cupping of coffees from U.S. Mountain States roasters for Coffee Review’s October 2018 tasting report. Southern Ethiopia produces distinctive coffees from traditional, largely indigenous varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. This is a “natural” or dry-processed version, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit rather than after the fruit has been removed, as is the case with wet-processed or “washed” coffees. Caffeic is a family-owned, Montana-based roaster with a focus on sourcing and sharing the highest-quality coffees available. Visit www.caffeic.coffee for more information.
This coffee tied for the third-highest rating in a cupping of coffees from U.S. Mountain States roasters for Coffee Review’s October 2018 tasting report. Despite challenges ranging from contested government coffee policy and urban encroachment on prime coffee lands to chronically unstable weather, Kenya continues to produce some of the world’s most elegant and distinctive coffees. Rick and Randy Evans founded Evans Brothers Coffee in 2009 focused on sourcing and roasting the finest small lots of seasonally available coffees in a context of sustainability and responsibility. Visit www.evansbrotherscoffee.com or call 208-265-5553 for more information.
This coffee tied for the third-highest rating in a cupping of coffees from U.S. Mountain States roasters for Coffee Review’s October 2018 tasting report. Despite challenges ranging from contested government coffee policy and urban encroachment on prime coffee lands to chronically unstable weather, Kenya continues to produce some of the world’s most elegant and distinctive coffees. Mystic Monk Coffee is a small-batch roaster associated with a Carmelite monastery located in the Rocky Mountains of northern Wyoming. The monks emphasize an artisan approach to roasting and a commitment to quality. Visit www.mysticmonkcoffee.com or call 877-751-6377 for more information.
This coffee tied for the third-highest rating in a cupping of coffees from U.S. Mountain States roasters for Coffee Review’s October 2018 tasting report. Despite challenges ranging from contested government coffee policy and urban encroachment on prime coffee lands to chronically unstable weather, Kenya continues to produce some of the world’s most elegant and distinctive coffees. Founded by Andy Sprenger in 2013, Sweet Bloom develops long-term relationships with coffee producers that emphasize transparency and consistency. Visit www.sweetbloomcoffee.com for more information.
This coffee tied for the fourth-highest rating in a cupping of coffees from U.S. Mountain States roasters for Coffee Review’s October 2018 tasting report. Despite challenges ranging from contested government coffee policy and urban encroachment on prime coffee lands to chronically unstable weather, Kenya continues to produce some of the world’s most elegant and distinctive coffees. Corvus Coffee Roasters is based in Denver, Colorado and specializes in rare and exclusive coffees from some of the finest growers in the world. Corvus particularly focuses on processing methods and selective harvesting, which result in small, seasonal micro-lots of uniquely sweet, vibrant, and clean flavor profiles. For more information, visit www.corvuscoffee.com.
This coffee tied for the fourth-highest rating in a cupping of coffees from U.S. Mountain States roasters for Coffee Review’s October 2018 tasting report. Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one are produced from traditional, largely indigenous varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. This is a dry-processed or “natural” coffee, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit rather than after the fruit has been removed, as is the case with wet-processed or “washed” coffees. Desert Sun’s roastery is located at nearly 7,000 feet above sea level in the San Juan Mountains of Colorado. It imports its coffee through its membership in Coop Coffees, a cooperative importer. Visit www.desertsuncoffee.com or call 866-998-6299 for more information.
This coffee tied for the fourth-highest rating in a cupping of coffees from U.S. Mountain States roasters for Coffee Review’s October 2018 tasting report. Despite challenges ranging from contested government coffee policy and urban encroachment on prime coffee lands to chronically unstable weather, Kenya continues to produce some of the world’s most elegant and distinctive coffees. Located in southwestern Colorado, Durango Coffee lays claim to a rich coffee history that dates to 1986. Its motto is “Tough Town, Great Coffee.” Visit www.durangocoffee.com or call 800-748-2275 for more information.
This coffee tied for the fourth-highest rating in a cupping of coffees from U.S. Mountain States roasters for Coffee Review’s October 2018 tasting report. From an admired growing region in the southernmost Colombia Department of Nariño. Jackrabbit Java selects the finest coffees from around the world and roasts them in Thermopolis, Wyoming’s mountain air. All Jackrabbit Java coffees are specialty-grade and roasted to order. Visit www.jackrabbitjava.com for more information.
Southern Ethiopia produces distinctive coffees from largely indigenous, traditional varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. Coffees like this one processed by the wet or washed method (fruit skin and pulp is removed before drying) typically express great aromatic complexity and intensity with a particular emphasis on citrus and floral notes. In addition to his retail roasting operation, Aroma Roast Coffees, Simon Hsieh also operates Soaring Phoenix Trading, a business focused on purpose-built commercial espresso blends and high quality single-origin coffees. Visit www.facebook.com/4ArtsZeroDefectCoffees or call 886-0983-749876 for more information.
Despite grower discontent and urban encroachment on prime coffee lands, Kenya continues to produce some of the world’s most elegant and distinctive coffees. In addition to his retail roasting operation, Aroma Roast Coffees, Simon Hsieh also operates Soaring Phoenix Trading, a business focused on purpose-built commercial espresso blends and high quality single-origin coffees. Visit www.facebook.com/4ArtsZeroDefectCoffees or call 886-0983-749876 for more information.
709 Boutique Coffee was founded in 2010 as a coffee shop in Taichung. Roaster Huang Yu Hao offers both freshly roasted coffee and home-roasting lessons for customers. Visit https://goo.gl/gPXokY for more information. 
Yirgacheffe coffees like this one are largely produced from traditional indigenous Ethiopian varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. This is a “natural” or dry-processed version, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit, encouraging a flavor profile that is less predictable and deeper than the wet-processed or “washed” floral- and citrus-toned Yirgacheffe profile. Like virtually all coffees from the Yirgacheffe region, this coffee is produced by villagers on small, garden plots interplanted with food and other subsistence crops. In addition to his retail roasting operation, Aroma Roast Coffees, Simon Hsieh also operates Soaring Phoenix Trading, a business focused on purpose-built commercial espresso blends and high quality single-origin coffees. Visit www.facebook.com/4ArtsZeroDefectCoffees or call 886-0983-749876 for more information.
This exceptional coffee was selected as the No. 2 coffee on Coffee Review’s list of the Top 30 Coffees of 2018. Produced by smallholding members of the Ritho Cooperative. Despite challenges ranging from unclear government coffee policy and urban encroachment on prime coffee lands to chronically unstable weather, the famed Kenya coffee auction system and its participating cooperatives continue to produce some of the world’s most elegant and distinctive coffees. Kakalove Café is a nano-roaster located in the small city of Chia-Yi in Taiwan that strives to procure and roast the finest quality coffee. Visit www.kakalovecafe.com.tw or email [email protected] for more information.
Southern Ethiopia produces distinctive coffees from largely indigenous, traditional varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. Coffees like this one processed by the wet or washed method (fruit skin and pulp is removed before drying) typically express great aromatic complexity and intensity with a particular emphasis on citrus and floral notes. Kakalove Café is a nano-roaster located in the small city of Chia-Yi in Taiwan that strives to procure and roast the finest quality coffee. Visit www.kakalovecafe.com.tw or email [email protected] for more information.
A blend of coffees from Santo Andre Brazil and the Hambela Wamena District of Ethiopia. Vienna Coffee Company is a craft roastery and coffee shop with two locations in Tennessee. Visit www.viennacoffeecompany.com for more information.
Yirgacheffe is a coffee region in southern Ethiopia that produces distinctive coffees from traditional varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. Yirgacheffe coffees like this one processed by the wet or washed method (fruit skin and pulp are removed before drying) typically express great aromatic complexity and intensity with a particular emphasis on floral notes. Almost all Yirgacheffe coffees are produced by villagers on small, garden plots interplanted with food and other subsistence crops. Located in southwestern Colorado, Durango Coffee lays claim to a rich coffee history that dates to 1986. Its motto is “Tough Town, Great Coffee.” Visit www.durangocoffee.com or call 800-748-2275 for more information.
Certified organic and produced from distinctive, largely indigenous varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. Ethiopia coffees like this one processed by the wet or washed method (fruit skin and pulp is removed before drying) typically express great aromatic complexity and intensity with a particular emphasis on citrus and floral notes. Santa Cruz-based North Coast Roasting Company has a global sourcing program for the highest-quality organic-certified green coffee, hand-roasted in small batches. Visit www.northcoastroasting.com for more information.
Produced from trees of the admired SL-28 and SL-34 varieties of Arabica. Despite grower discontent, contested government coffee policy and urban encroachment on prime coffee lands, the famed Kenya coffee auction system and its participating cooperatives continue to produce some of the world’s most elegant and distinctive coffees. Klatch Coffee is an award-winning small-batch roasting company in the Los Angeles area whose resident barista and trainer, Heather Perry, won both the 2003 and 2007 United States Barista Championships brewing a Klatch Coffee espresso blend.Visit www.klatchroasting.com or call 877-455-2824 for more information.
This coffee is organic and certified fair trade, the latter meaning it was purchased from small-holding farmers at a “fair” or economically sustainable price. Produced by members of the (CODECH cooperative) from trees of the Caturra, Bourbon, Catuai and Pache varieties of Arabica. This is a wet-processed or “washed” coffee, meaning the fruit skin and pulp were removed from the beans immediately after harvesting and before drying. Grounds for Change is a certified organic coffee roaster specializing in sustainable coffee and supporting a wide range of progressive ecological and social programs. The complete carbon footprint (from crop to cup) for this coffee has been offset with tree planting (carbonfund.org). Visit www.groundsforchange.com or call 800-796-6820 for more information.
Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one are largely produced from distinctive traditional Ethiopian varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. This is a dry-processed or “natural” coffee, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit rather than after the fruit has been removed, as is the case with wet-processed or “washed” coffees. Steady State Roasting is an award-winning small-batch roastery dedicated to the craft and care of providing specialty coffee. The company takes pride in sourcing unique, high-quality coffee direct from farmers so that customers can enjoy fine coffee at home or in the Steady State tasting room in downtown Carlsbad, California. Visit www.steadystateroasting.com for more information.
Produced by Anny Ruth Pimentel-Courson entirely from trees of the heirloom Bourbon variety of Arabica and processed by the black honey method. With all honey processing methods, some sweet pulp or fruit flesh (“honey”) is allowed to adhere to the beans during drying. In the black honey variation, the beans are subjected to a slower drying process than is the case with yellow or red honey processing. Steady State Roasting is an award-winning small-batch roastery dedicated to the craft and care of providing specialty coffee. The company takes pride in sourcing unique, high-quality coffee direct from farmers so that customers can enjoy fine coffee at home or in the Steady State tasting room in downtown Carlsbad, California. Visit www.steadystateroasting.com for more information.
Haraz (also Haraaz, other spellings) is a celebrated coffee growing region in north-central Yemen, west of the capital of San’a. Although Ethiopia is the botanical home of Coffea arabica, Yemen introduced the beverage to the rest of the world in the 16th and 17th centuries, and Yemeni coffee is still grown from ancient cultivars and sun-dried, often on the roofs of stone houses. Direct Coffee, founded in 2005, is a roastery located in the scenic city of Hsinchu, Taiwan. For the past 13 years, Direct Coffee has specialized in searching for high-quality coffee beans and roasting them to display their unique and distinctive characteristics. Visit https://www.directcoffee.com.tw/ for more information.
This exceptional coffee was selected as the No. 25 coffee on Coffee Review’s list of the Top 30 Coffees of 2018. Despite grower discontent, contested government coffee policy and urban encroachment on prime coffee lands, the famed Kenya coffee auction system and its participating cooperatives continue to produce some of the world’s most elegant and distinctive coffees. This is a meticulously wet-processed or “washed” coffee, meaning the fruit skin and pulp were removed from the beans immediately after harvesting and before drying. Branch Street Coffee Roasters is a small-batch specialty coffee roaster in Youngstown, Ohio. Under the careful eye of owner/roaster Matthew Campbell, each coffee is individually profiled and cupped to ensure peak flavor and consistency.Visit www.branchstreetcoffee.com for more information.
Produced by Jesus Recinos entirely from trees of the Bourbon variety of Arabica. This is a wet-processed or “washed” coffee, meaning the fruit skin and pulp were removed from the beans immediately after harvesting and before drying. Magnolia Coffee is a Charlotte, North Carolina-based specialty roaster whose motto is “Craft Roasted. Truly Delicious. Socially Conscious.” Magnolia Coffee focuses on direct-trade coffees that make a difference in the lives of the coffee harvesters and their communities. Visit www.magnoliacoffeeco.com or call 704-651-7726 for more information.
Coffee from trees of the botanical variety Geisha (also Gesha) grown on Hacienda La Esmeralda in Panama first introduced this extraordinary variety of Arabica to the world. With its bold, boat-shaped beans and distinctive floral and crisply cacao-toned cup, the Geisha/Gesha continues to be one of the world’s most celebrated and sought-after coffee varieties, and the Esmeralda versions remain among the most authentic. This is a dry-processed or “natural” version, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit rather than after the soft fruit residue has been removed, as is the case with wet-processed or “washed” coffees. Dragonfly Coffee is a Boulder, Colorado-based micro-roaster that produces high-quality coffees and supports worthy causes. Visit www.dragonflycoffeeroasters.com or call 303-579-2154 for more information.
Produced from trees of the rare Ethiopia-derived botanical variety Gesha (also Geisha) by farmer Roberto Brenes of Finca La Aurora. With its generally elongated beans and distinctive floral and crisp, often chocolaty cup, the Gesha variety continues to distinguish itself as one of the world’s most unique coffees. This is a dry-processed or “natural” Gesha, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit rather than after the fruit has been removed, as is the case with wet-processed or “washed” coffees. Dragonfly Coffee is a Boulder, Colorado-based micro-roaster that produces high-quality coffees and supports worthy causes. Visit www.dragonflycoffeeroasters.com or call 303-579-2154 for more information.
This exceptional espresso blend was selected as the No. 6 coffee on Coffee Review’s list of the Top 30 Coffees of 2018.  This blend was designed to celebrate Barrington Coffee’s 25th anniversary as an artisan roaster dedicated to elite coffees, fresh delivery and roasting that foregrounds the coffee and not the roast. Visit www.barringtoncoffee.com or call 800-528-0998 for more information.
This exceptional coffee was selected as the No. 29 coffee on Coffee Review’s list of the Top 30 Coffees of 2018. Kanyonyi Coffee Blend is named after the former lead silverback gorilla of Mubare Gorilla Group, the first group habituated for tourism at Bwindi Impenetrable National Park, Uganda. Gorilla Conservation Coffee pays a premium of $0.50 per kilo above the market price to coffee farmers living close to the gorillas around Bwindi Impenetrable National Park, as well as supporting them with training in sustainable coffee farming and processing. Additionally, for each kilo of roasted coffee sold, $1.50 goes directly toward work to preserve mountain gorillas. Visit http://gorillaconservationcoffee.org/ for more information.
Produced by Danilo Salazar Arias of Finca San Cristobal de Llano from trees of the Caturra, Catuai and Villa Sarchi varieties of Arabica. This is a dry-processed or “natural” coffee, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit rather than after the soft fruit residue has been removed, as is the case with wet-processed or “washed” coffees. Established in 2009 by Amy and Scott Angelo, Oceana brews specialty coffees that have been roasted in small batches at its roasting house and café in Tequesta, Florida. Oceana reports that its staff is obsessed with every detail of the process, from sourcing the beans to how the coffee is poured, aimed at ensuring that every cup is as rich and resonant as it should be. Visit www.oceanacoffee.com for more information.
Produced by La Union de Nariño from trees of the Caturra, Colombia and Castillo varieties of Arabica. This is a wet-processed or “washed” coffee, meaning the fruit skin and pulp were removed from the beans immediately after harvesting and before drying. Barrington Coffee is an artisan roaster dedicated to elite coffees, fresh delivery and roasting that foregrounds the coffee and not the roast. Visit www.barringtoncoffee.com or call 800-528-0998 for more information.
Produced by Luis Alberto Montoya at Finca Arboleda entirely from trees of the Caturra variety of Arabica. This is a wet-processed or “washed” coffee, meaning the fruit skin and pulp were removed from the beans immediately after harvesting and before drying. Temple Coffee is a quality-focused retail and wholesale specialty roaster active in Sacramento, California since 2005. Committed to sourcing, roasting and brewing the finest coffees, Temple features coffee from distinguished single estates and cooperatives around the world. Visit www.templecoffee.com or call 916-454-1282 for more information.
Produced at Finca El Durazno by Octavio Lopez from trees of the Caturra and Catuai varieties of Arabica. This is a wet-processed or “washed” coffee, meaning the fruit skin and pulp were removed from the beans immediately after harvesting and before drying. Temple Coffee is a quality-focused retail and wholesale specialty roaster active in Sacramento, California since 2005. Committed to sourcing, roasting and brewing the finest coffees, Temple features coffee from distinguished single estates and cooperatives around the world. Visit www.templecoffee.com or call 916-454-1282 for more information.
Despite grower discontent, contested government coffee policy and urban encroachment on prime coffee lands, the famed Kenya coffee auction system and its participating cooperatives continue to produce some of the world’s most elegant and distinctive coffees. Founded in 1990, Lexington Coffee is an award-winning artisan roasting company based in Virginia. Lexington’s focus on fresh, flavorful and sustainable coffee is reflected in its motto, “Fresh, Flavorful & Fair.” Visit www.lexingtoncoffee.com or call 800-322-6505 for more information.
A blend of three coffees: two Ethiopias, one from the Yirgacheffe growing region and one from the Sidamo, and a Guatemala from the Huehuetenango region. GK provides quality specialty coffee to consumers and retailers. For more information, email [email protected] or call +886-919-314-513.
Despite grower discontent, contested government coffee policy and urban encroachment on prime coffee lands, the famed Kenya coffee auction system and its participating cooperatives continue to produce some of the world’s most elegant and distinctive coffees. Branch Street Coffee Roasters is a small-batch specialty coffee roaster in Youngstown, Ohio. Under the careful eye of owner/roaster Matthew Campbell, each coffee is individually profiled and cupped to ensure peak flavor and consistency. Visit www.branchstreetcoffee.com for more information.
Despite grower discontent, unclear government coffee policy and urban encroachment on prime coffee lands, the famed Kenya coffee auction system and its participating cooperatives continue to produce some of the world’s most elegant and distinctive coffees. A wet-processed or “washed” coffee, meaning the fruit skin and pulp were removed from the beans immediately after harvesting and before drying. GK provides quality specialty coffee to consumers and retailers. For more information, email [email protected] or call +886-919-314-513.
Yirgacheffe coffees like this one are largely produced from traditional Ethiopian varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. This is a “natural” or dry-processed version, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit, encouraging a flavor profile that is less predictable and deeper than the wet-processed or “washed” floral- and citrus-toned Yirgacheffe profile. Like virtually all coffees from the Yirgacheffe region, this coffee is produced by villagers on small, garden plots interplanted with food and other subsistence crops. GK provides quality specialty coffee to consumers and retailers. For more information, email [email protected] or call +886-919-314-513.
Produced on Finca Quejina by the Nicolas Ramirez family from trees of the Bourbon, Caturra and Pache varieties of Arabica. This is a wet-processed or “washed” coffee, meaning the fruit skin and pulp were removed from the beans immediately after harvesting and before drying. Founded in 1990, Lexington Coffee is an award-winning artisan roasting company based in Virginia. Lexington’s focus on fresh, flavorful and sustainable coffee is reflected in its motto, “Fresh, Flavorful & Fair.” Visit www.lexingtoncoffee.com or call 800-322-6505 for more information.
A blend of coffees from Yirgacheffe, Ethiopia and Burundi. Mystic Monk Coffee is a small-batch roaster associated with a Carmelite monastery located in the Rocky Mountains of northern Wyoming. The monks emphasize an artisan approach to roasting and a commitment to quality. Visit www.mysticmonkcoffee.com or call 877-751-6377 for more information.
A blend of coffees from Africa, Indonesia and South America. Mystic Monk Coffee is a small-batch roaster associated with a Carmelite monastery located in the Rocky Mountains of northern Wyoming. The monks emphasize an artisan approach to roasting and a commitment to quality. Visit www.mysticmonkcoffee.com or call 877-751-6377 for more information.
Produced from trees of the rare Ethiopia-derived botanical variety Geisha (also spelled Gesha) by the Lamastus family at Elida Estate. With its generally elongated beans and distinctive floral and crisp, often chocolaty cup, the Geisha/Gesha variety continues to distinguish itself as one of the world’s most unique coffees. This is a dry-processed or “natural” version, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit rather than after the fruit has been removed, as is the case with wet-processed or “washed” coffees. Dragonfly Coffee is a Boulder, Colorado-based micro-roaster that produces high-quality coffees and supports worthy causes. Visit www.dragonflycoffeeroasters.com or call 303-579-2154 for more information.
Produced at Hacienda Copey (Finca Don Antonio) from trees of the rare Ethiopia-derived botanical variety Geisha (also spelled Gesha) by the Lamastus family at Elida Estate. With its generally elongated beans and distinctive floral and crisp, often chocolaty cup, the Geisha/Gesha variety continues to distinguish itself as one of the world’s most unique coffees. Processed by the honey method, which means that the outer skin is removed as it is in the wet or “washed” process, but at least some of the sticky fruit residue is allowed to dry on the bean and later removed by machine along with the parchment skin. Dragonfly Coffee is a Boulder, Colorado-based micro-roaster that produces high-quality coffees and supports worthy causes. Visit www.dragonflycoffeeroasters.com or call 303-579-2154 for more information.
This coffee earned the highest rating in a cupping of coffees from big-bean varieties for Coffee Review’s November 2018 tasting report. Produced at Finca La Hermosa entirely of the Pacamara variety of Arabica. The Pacamara is a big-beaned hybrid of the Bourbon-related Pacas and the huge-beaned Maragogipe, itself a mutant of the ancient Typica variety. This is a dry-processed or “natural” version, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit rather than after the soft fruit residue has been removed, as is the case with wet-processed or “washed” coffees. Roaster Yu Chih Hao is co-founder of Fumi Coffee, a new roaster in Hsinchu, Taiwan specializing in specialty coffee and homemade desserts. Visit https://m.facebook.com/fumicafe035586631/ for more information.
This exceptional coffee was selected as the No. 8 coffee on Coffee Review’s list of the Top 30 Coffees of 2018.  This coffee earned the second-highest highest rating in a cupping of coffees from big-bean varieties for Coffee Review’s November 2018 tasting report. Produced by Max Ariel Palacios Villatoro of La Providencia, entirely from trees of the Maragogipe variety of Arabica. The Maragogipe (also spelled Maragogype) is a huge-beaned mutant of the ancient Typica variety. This is a wet-processed or “washed” coffee, meaning the fruit skin and pulp were removed from the beans immediately after harvesting and before drying. Bird Rock Coffee Roasters is a retailer and wholesaler focused on organic and socially responsible coffees; it was awarded the “2012 Micro-Roaster of the Year” title by Roast Magazine. Visit www.birdrockcoffee.com or call 858-551-1707 for more information.
This coffee tied for the third-highest rating in a cupping of coffees from big-bean varieties for Coffee Review’s November 2018 tasting report. It was produced from trees of the Pacamara variety of Arabica. The Pacamara is a big-beaned hybrid of the Bourbon-related Pacas and the huge-beaned Maragogipe, itself a mutant of the ancient Typica variety. This is a wet-processed or “washed” coffee, meaning the fruit skin and pulp were removed from the beans immediately after harvesting and before drying. Augie’s Coffee Roasters’ mission is to create awareness about the often-overlooked beauties of coffee, from its growth and preparation to its diverse and delicate flavor possibilities. More than just creating drinks for customers, Augie’s aims to create community, develop friendships between people of different backgrounds and connect the world through love and passion for coffee. Visit www.augiescoffeehouse.com for more information.
This coffee tied for the third-highest rating in a cupping of coffees from big-bean varieties for Coffee Review’s November 2018 tasting report. Produced at Finca Cuxinales entirely of the Pacamara variety of Arabica. The Pacamara is a big-beaned hybrid of the Bourbon-related Pacas and the huge-beaned Maragogipe, a mutant of the ancient Typica variety. This is a wet-processed or “washed” version, meaning the fruit skin and pulp were removed from the beans immediately after harvesting and before drying. Barrington Coffee is an artisan roaster dedicated to elite coffees, fresh delivery and roasting that foregrounds the coffee and not the roast. Visit www.barringtoncoffee.com or call 800-528-0998 for more information.
This coffee tied for the third-highest rating in a cupping of coffees from big-bean varieties for Coffee Review’s November 2018 tasting report. Produced by Luis Alberto Balladarez at La Benedicion farm entirely of the Pacamara variety of Arabica. The Pacamara is a big-beaned hybrid of the Bourbon-related Pacas and the huge-beaned Maragogipe, itself a mutant of the ancient Typica variety. This is a dry-processed or “natural” version, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit rather than after the soft fruit residue has been removed, as is the case with wet-processed or “washed” coffees. Hale Coffee is a Toronto-based specialty coffee micro-roaster that sources the highest quality coffee for both wholesale and retail customers. Visit https://www.halecoffee.com/ for more information.
This coffee tied for the third-highest rating in a cupping of coffees from big-bean varieties for Coffee Review’s November 2018 tasting report. Produced by Jose Antonio Cruz of La Huella farm entirely of the Yellow Pacamara variety of Arabica. The Pacamara is a big-beaned hybrid of the Bourbon-related Pacas and the huge-beaned Maragogipe, itself a mutant of the ancient Typica variety. Processed by the honey method, which means that the outer skin is removed as it is in the wet or “washed” process, but at least some of the sticky fruit residue is allowed to dry on the bean and later removed by machine along with the parchment skin. Kakalove Café is a nano-roaster located in the small city of Chia-Yi in Taiwan that strives to procure and roast the finest quality coffee. Visit www.kakalovecafe.com.tw or email [email protected] for more information.
This coffee tied for the third-highest rating in a cupping of coffees from big-bean varieties for Coffee Review’s November 2018 tasting report. Produced by Don Atilio Zepeda of Finca El Cerro entirely of the Pacamara variety of Arabica. The Pacamara is a big-beaned hybrid of the Bourbon-related Pacas and the huge-beaned Maragogipe, itself a mutant of the ancient Typica variety. This version was processed by the black honey method. With all honey processing methods, some sweet pulp or fruit flesh (“honey”) is allowed to adhere to the beans during drying. In the black honey variation, the beans are subjected to a slower drying process than is the case with yellow or red honey processing. Established in 2010, Red Rooster is an organic-certified micro-roaster focusing on socially conscious coffee and high-quality coffee. Visit redroostercoffee.com or call 540-745-7338 for more information.
This coffee tied for the third-highest rating in a cupping of coffees from big-bean varieties for Coffee Review’s November 2018 tasting report. Produced by Jose Antonio Cruz of La Huella farm entirely of the Yellow Pacamara variety of Arabica. The Pacamara is a big-beaned hybrid of the Bourbon-related Pacas and the huge-beaned Maragogipe, a mutant of the ancient Typica variety. Processed by the honey method, which means that the outer skin is removed as it is in the wet or “washed” process, but at least some of the sticky fruit residue is allowed to dry on the bean and later removed by machine along with the parchment skin. Small Eyes Café is a small, family-owned coffee shop in Yilan, Taiwan, specializing in artisanally roasted specialty coffee and homemade desserts. Visit https://www.facebook.com/Smalleyescafe for more information.
This coffee earned the fourth-highest rating in a cupping of coffees from big-bean varieties for Coffee Review’s November 2018 tasting report. Produced by Mauricio Arturo Salaverria Caceres of Finca Himalaya, entirely from trees of the Pacamara variety of Arabica. The Pacamara is a big-beaned hybrid of the Bourbon-related Pacas and the huge-beaned Maragogipe, itself a mutant of the ancient Typica variety. This is a wet-processed or “washed” coffee, meaning the fruit skin and pulp were removed from the beans immediately after harvesting and before drying. Founded in 1995, Equator Coffees is a women-owned wholesale coffee roasting company that focuses on sustainability in coffee-sourcing and business practices. Visit www.equatorcoffees.com or call 800-809-7687 for more information.
This coffee earned the second-highest rating in a tasting of holiday coffees for Coffee Review‘s December 2018 tasting report. Nekisse is a proprietary brand of Ethiopia coffee developed by Ninety Plus, a distinguished boutique developer and importer of innovative small-lot coffees from Ethiopia and Panama. Grown near Neji in the Sidama/Sidamo growing region, this is a dry-processed or “natural” coffee, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit rather than after the fruit has been removed, as is the case with wet-processed or “washed” coffees. Ho Soo Tsai is a micro-roaster based in Kaohsiung City, Taiwan. Visit https://www.facebook.com/LPCXHST or call +886-72364657 for more information.
This coffee tied for the third-highest rating in a tasting of holiday coffees for Coffee Review‘s December 2018 tasting report.  Produced from trees of the rare Ethiopia-derived botanical variety Gesha (also spelled Geisha) by Pablo Guerrero. With its generally elongated beans and distinctive floral and crisp, often chocolaty cup, the Gesha variety continues to distinguish itself as one of the world’s most unique coffees. This is a dry-processed or “natural” version, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit rather than after the fruit has been removed, as is the case with wet-processed or “washed” coffees. The majority of Gesha coffees are grown in the Boquete region of Panama, but there is increased experimentation with this variety throughout Latin America, especially Colombia, where this exceptional version was grown. Joe Van Gogh is a small-batch roasting company with a focus on certified organic coffees. In addition to its Internet store, it operates six coffeehouses in Durham, Chapel Hill and Greensboro, North Carolina. Visit www.joevangogh.com or call 919-644-0111 for more information.
This coffee tied for the third-highest rating in a tasting of holiday coffees for Coffee Review‘s December 2018 tasting report.  It is organic and certified fair trade, the latter meaning it was purchased from farmers at a “fair” or economically sustainable price. A blend comprised of four coffees: a natural-processed Ethiopia WORKA, a washed Ethiopia Banko, a washed Rwanda Coopac, and a washed Colombia Tolima. Established in 2010, Red Rooster is an organic-certified micro-roaster focusing on socially conscious and high-quality coffee. Visit redroostercoffee.com or call 540-745-7338 for more information.
This coffee tied for the third-highest rating in a tasting of holiday coffees for Coffee Review‘s December 2018 tasting report. Produced from trees of the rare Ethiopia-derived botanical variety Geisha (also Gesha) by farmer Roberto Brenes of Finca La Aurora. With its generally elongated beans and distinctive floral and crisp, often chocolaty cup, the Geisha/Gesha variety continues to distinguish itself as one of the world’s most unique coffees.  This version was processed by the traditional wet or “washed” method, in which skin and fruit flesh are removed from the beans or seeds before they are dried. Bird Rock Coffee Roasters is a retailer and wholesaler focused on organic and socially responsible coffees; it was awarded the “2012 Micro-Roaster of the Year” title by Roast Magazine. Visit www.birdrockcoffee.com or call 858-551-1707 for more information.
Produced from old trees of the rare Ethiopia-derived botanical variety Geisha (also spelled Gesha) grown by farmer Jose David Garrido on the Mama Cata Estate. With its elongated beans and distinctive floral and chocolate cup, the Geisha variety continues to distinguish itself as one of the world’s most unique coffees. This version was processed by the traditional wet or “washed” method, in which skin and fruit flesh are removed from the beans or seeds before they are dried. Willoughby’s Coffee & Tea is a pioneer specialty coffee roaster established in the early 1980s that has gracefully and successfully moved with the times and now offers a menu of extremely refined small-lot, single-origin coffees. Visit www.willoughbyscoffee.com or call 800-388-8400 for more information.
Produced from trees of the rare Ethiopia-derived botanical variety Geisha (also spelled Gesha) on the Chiari family’s Finca Lerida Esplenderosa in Jaramillo under the management of family member Sonia Amoruso. With its elongated beans and distinctive cup, the Geisha variety continues to distinguish itself as one of the world’s most unique coffees. In all honey processing methods, skins are removed, but some sweet pulp or fruit flesh (“honey”) is allowed to adhere to the beans during drying. In the black honey variation, virtually all of the pulp is allowed to dry on the beans and the beans may be subject to a particularly slow drying process, often netting a deep, pungent profile. Willoughby’s Coffee & Tea is a pioneer specialty coffee roaster established in the early 1980s that has gracefully and successfully moved with the times and now offers a menu of extremely refined small-lot, single-origin coffees. Visit www.willoughbyscoffee.com or call 800-388-8400 for more information.
Produced from trees of the rare Ethiopia-derived botanical variety Geisha (also spelled Gesha) on the Chiari family’s Finca Lerida in Alto Quiel under the management of family member Sonia Amoruso. With its elongated beans and distinctive cup, the Geisha variety continues to distinguish itself as one of the world’s most unique coffees. This version was processed by the traditional wet or “washed” method, in which skin and fruit flesh are removed from the beans or seeds before they are dried. Willoughby’s Coffee & Tea is a pioneer specialty coffee roaster established in the early 1980s that has gracefully and successfully moved with the  times and now offers a menu of extremely refined small-lot, single-origin coffees. Visit www.willoughbyscoffee.com or call 800-388-8400 for more information.
This distinguished and unusual blend is comprised of coffee from three distinguished origins, Ethiopia, Guatemala and Kenya. Mi’s Café is an in-store roaster and coffee shop in Kaohsiung City, Taiwan. For more information, call 886-7-2010188, email [email protected] or visit www.facebook.com/MISCOFFEE.
Produced by Ato Esmael and his friends and family at their estate farm in the Guji Zone of southern Ethiopia. Certified organic and produced from distinctive, largely indigenous varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. Processed by the dry or “natural” method, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit rather than after the fruit has been removed, as is the case with wet-processed or “washed” coffees. Named after the cofounders’ son, Ben, Ben’s Beans prides itself on ethical sourcing, as well as in donating a portion of proceeds to charities in the coffee-producing regions they work with. Visit www.bensbeans.org for more information.
Coffees like this one from the celebrated Yirgacheffe growing region are produced largely from old, indigenous local tree varieties. A wet-processed or “washed” coffee, meaning the fruit skin and pulp were removed from the beans immediately after harvesting and before drying. Temple Coffee is a quality-focused retail and wholesale specialty roaster active in Sacramento, California since 2005. Committed to sourcing, roasting and brewing the finest coffees, Temple features coffee from distinguished single estates and cooperatives around the world. Visit www.templecoffee.com or call 916-454-1282 for more information.
Produced entirely from trees of the Caturra variety of Arabica. Espresso Republic, founded in 2010, specializes in sourcing quality coffees and roasting them in small batches for both retail and wholesale customers. Visit www.espressorepublic.com for more information.
Decaffeinated at origin using ethyl acetate, a natural solvent derived from sugar cane. Espresso Republic, founded in 2010, specializes in sourcing quality coffees and roasting them in small batches for both retail and wholesale customers. Visit www.espressorepublic.com for more information.
Produced entirely from trees of the Castillo variety of Arabica. Processed by the wet or “washed” method, in which skin and fruit flesh are removed from the beans or seeds before they are dried. Espresso Republic, founded in 2010, specializes in sourcing quality coffees and roasting them in small batches for both retail and wholesale customers. Visit www.espressorepublic.com for more information.
Produced from trees of the admired SL-28 and SL-34 varieties of Arabica. Despite grower discontent and urban encroachment on prime coffee lands, Kenya continues to produce some of the world’s most elegant and distinctive coffees. This sample consists entirely of peaberries, a kind of bean that results when the coffee fruit develops only a single, oval bean rather than the usual pair of flat-sided beans. Peaberries produce a somewhat different (often better) cup than normal beans from the same crop, from which they may or may not be separated during grading. Bird Rock Coffee Roasters is a retailer and wholesaler focused on organic and socially responsible coffees; it was awarded the “2012 Micro-Roaster of the Year” title by Roast Magazine. Visit www.birdrockcoffee.com or call 858-551-1707 for more information.
Finca El Aguila is owned by Mauricio Ariz and his sons. It occupies 63 hectares in Cantón Ojo de Agua, municipality of Chalchuapa, near the Santa Ana Volcano. A small portion of the farm is devoted to the production of SL 28, the tree variety most responsible the great coffees of Kenya. This is a wet-processed or “washed” version of the SL 28, meaning the fruit skin and pulp were removed from the beans immediately after harvesting and before drying. JBC Coffee Roasters’ vision is simple: “let the coffee lead the way” through sourcing and roasting the best and most unique coffees available and rewarding the farmers who grow those coffees with substantial premiums. Visit www.jbccoffeeroasters.com or call 608-256-5282 for more information.
Produced by the Nano Challa cooperative in Ethiopia’s Jimma Zone. Southern and western Ethiopia coffees like this one are produced largely from local, indigenous varieties of Arabica. When processed by the wet or washed method (fruit skin and pulp are removed before drying) they typically express great aromatic complexity and intensity, with a particular emphasis on citrus, cocoa and floral notes. Bird Rock Coffee Roasters is a retailer and wholesaler focused on organic and socially responsible coffees; it was awarded the “2012 Micro-Roaster of the Year” title by Roast Magazine. Visit www.birdrockcoffee.com or call 858-551-1707 for more information.
Produced at Finca Volcán Azúl from a mix of tree varieties. Processed by the dry or “natural” method, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit rather than after the fruit has been removed, as is the case with wet-processed or "washed" coffees. Temple Coffee is a quality-focused retail and wholesale specialty roaster active in Sacramento, California since 2005. Committed to sourcing, roasting and brewing the finest coffees, Temple features coffee from distinguished single estates and cooperatives around the world. Visit www.templecoffee.com or call 916-454-1282 for more information.
This exceptional coffee was selected as the No. 1 coffee on Coffee Review’s list of the Top 30 Coffees of 2018. Mocca (also spelled Moka and Mokka) is a famous variety of Arabica that reached Kaanapali, Hawaii from Brazil. Current thinking in the technical coffee community is that it originated in the Reunion Islands as a mutant of the great Bourbon variety. It may well have originated in Yemen, however, where varieties displaying the identical, very unusual bean size and shape are known as Ismaili, as well as by other local names. This Mocca was processed by the dry or “natural” method, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit rather than after the fruit has been removed, as is the case with wet-processed or “washed” coffees. This rare coffee with its tiny beans and striking cup is available only on the Hula Daddy website through their allocation list. Hula Daddy is a boutique coffee producer with farms at the 1,400 and 2,500 foot levels of the Mount Hualalai volcano near the northern end of the Kona growing district, five minutes above the town of Kailua-Kona. This coffee was produced at the higher elevation Hula Daddy farm. Visit www.huladaddy.com or call 888-553-2339 for more information.
Produced by Celeste Fumagalli of Gold Grains Coffee. This is a wet-processed or “washed” coffee, meaning the fruit skin and pulp were removed from the beans immediately after harvesting and before drying. Red Rock Roasters was founded in Albuquerque, New Mexico in 1993 in a family barn and remains family-owned and focused on quality and freshness. Visit www.redrockroasters.com or call 800-873-9793 for more information.
Southern Ethiopia produces distinctive coffees from traditional, largely indigenous varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. This is a “natural” or dry-processed version, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit rather than after the fruit has been removed, as is the case with wet-processed or “washed” coffees. Vienna Coffee Company is a craft roastery and coffee shop with two locations in Tennessee. Visit www.viennacoffeecompany.com for more information.
Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one are largely produced from indigenous Ethiopian varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. Processed by the dry or “natural” method, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit rather than after the fruit has been removed, as is the case with wet-processed or "washed" coffees. Topéca Coffee is an artisan roaster with three café locations and a roastery in Tulsa, Oklahoma.Visit www.topecacoffee.com or call 918-398-8022 for more information.
Despite grower discontent and urban encroachment on prime coffee lands, Kenya and its dedicated cooperatives continue to produce some of the world’s most elegant and distinctive coffees. Small Eyes Café is a small, family-owned coffee shop in Yilan, Taiwan, specializing in artisanally roasted specialty coffee and homemade desserts. Visit https://www.facebook.com/Smalleyescafe for more information.
Produced by Diogo Dias Texeira de Macedo entirely from trees of the Yellow Bourbon variety of Arabica. Processed by the “natural” method, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit rather than after the fruit has been removed, as is the case with wet-processed or “washed” coffees. Topéca Coffee is an artisan roaster with three café locations and a roastery in Tulsa, Oklahoma.Visit www.topecacoffee.com or call 918-398-8022 for more information.
Yirgacheffe is a coffee region in southern Ethiopia that produces distinctive coffees from indigenous varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. This is a “natural” or dry-processed version, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit, encouraging a flavor profile that is rounder and lower-toned than the more familiar wet-processed floral- and citrus-toned Yirgacheffe profile. This coffee is certified Fair Trade, meaning it was purchased at a “fair” or economically sustainable price. Worka is one of twenty-two primary cooperatives located in the Gedeo Zone of Southern Ethiopia together organized as the Yirgacheffe Farmers Union. Established in 2010, Red Rooster is an organic-certified micro-roaster focusing on socially conscious coffee and high-quality coffee. Visit redroostercoffee.com or call 540-745-7338 for more information.
Produced by Luis Pedro Zelaya entirely from trees of the admired Bourbon variety of Arabica. This is a wet-processed or “washed” coffee, meaning the fruit skin and pulp were removed from the beans immediately after harvesting and before drying. Temple Coffee is a quality-focused retail and wholesale specialty roaster active in Sacramento, California since 2005. Committed to sourcing, roasting and brewing the finest coffees, Temple features coffee from distinguished single estates and cooperatives around the world. Visit www.templecoffee.com or call 916-454-1282 for more information.
Produced by members of the Banko Dhadhato Cooperative in the celebrated Yirgacheffe growing region of southern Ethiopia from traditional Ethiopian varieties of Arabica long grown in the area. This coffee is organic and Fair Trade certified, the latter meaning it was purchased from farmers at a “fair” or economically sustainable price. Established in 2010, Red Rooster is an organic-certified micro-roaster focusing on socially conscious coffee and high-quality coffee. Visit redroostercoffee.com or call 540-745-7338 for more information.
Produced by the Rungeto Farmer's Co-operative Society from trees of the admired SL28 and SL34 varieties of Arabica. Despite grower discontent and urban encroachment on prime coffee lands, Kenya and its dedicated cooperatives continue to produce some of the world’s most elegant and distinctive coffees. Temple Coffee is a quality-focused retail and wholesale specialty roaster active in Sacramento, California since 2005. Committed to sourcing, roasting and brewing the finest coffees, Temple features coffee from distinguished single estates and cooperatives around the world. Visit www.templecoffee.com or call 916-454-1282 for more information.
JBC Coffee Roasters’ vision is simple: “let the coffee lead the way” through sourcing and roasting the best and most unique coffees available and rewarding the farmers who grow those coffees with substantial premiums. Visit www.jbccoffeeroasters.com or call 608-256-5282 for more information.
Despite grower discontent and urban encroachment on prime coffee lands, Kenya and its dedicated cooperatives continue to produce some of the world’s most elegant and distinctive coffees. Kakalove Café is a nano-roaster located in the small city of Chia-Yi in Taiwan that strives to procure and roast the finest quality coffee. Visit www.kakalovecafe.com.tw or email [email protected] for more information.
Yirgacheffe is a coffee region in southern Ethiopia that produces distinctive coffees from traditional varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. Yirgacheffe coffees like this one processed by the wet or washed method (fruit skin and pulp are removed before drying) typically express great aromatic complexity and intensity with a particular emphasis on floral notes. Almost all Yirgacheffe coffees are produced by villagers on small, garden plots interplanted with food and other subsistence crops. Kakalove Café is a nano-roaster located in the small city of Chia-Yi in Taiwan that strives to procure and roast the finest quality coffee. Visit www.kakalovecafe.com.tw or email [email protected] for more information.
Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one are largely produced from distinctive indigenous Ethiopian varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. This is a dry-processed or “natural” version, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit rather than after the fruit has been removed, as is the case with wet-processed or “washed” coffees. Kakalove Café is a nano-roaster located in the small city of Chia-Yi in Taiwan that strives to procure and roast the finest quality coffee. Visit www.kakalovecafe.com.tw or email [email protected] for more information.
This coffee tied for the fourth-highest rating in a tasting of holiday coffees for Coffee Review‘s December 2018 tasting report. Produced from trees of the rare Ethiopia-derived botanical variety Geisha (also spelled Gesha) by farmer Roberto Brenes of Auromar Estate. With its generally elongated beans and distinctive floral and crisp, often chocolaty cup, the Geisha/Gesha variety continues to distinguish itself as one of the world’s most unique coffees. This is a dry-processed or “natural” version, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit rather than after the fruit has been removed, as is the case with wet-processed or “washed” coffees. Willoughby’s Coffee & Tea is a pioneer specialty coffee roaster established in the early 1980s that has gracefully and successfully moved with the times and now offers a menu of extremely refined small-lot, single-origin coffees. Visit www.willoughbyscoffee.com or call 800-388-8400 for more information.
This coffee tied for the fourth-highest rating in a tasting of holiday coffees for Coffee Review‘s December 2018 tasting report. A blend comprised of two Ethiopia coffees from independent farmers (as opposed to members of cooperatives) in the celebrated Yirgacheffe region: Adisu Kidane's natural-processed coffee, and Desta Gola's washed-process coffee. Olympia Coffee Roasting is a small-batch wholesale and retail roasting company with a youthful, no-nonsense style and a commitment to high-quality organic coffees. Visit www.olympiacoffee.com or call 360-753-0066 for more information.
This coffee tied for the fourth-highest rating in a tasting of holiday coffees for Coffee Review‘s December 2018 tasting report. A blend comprised of coffees from Kiambu County, Kenya and Guji Zone, Ethiopia. Revel Coffee is a micro-roaster located in Billings, Montana. Its motto: “Quality is paramount—a difference you can revel in.” Visit www.revelcoffee.com or call 406-534-9621 for more information.
This coffee tied for the fifth-highest rating in a tasting of holiday coffees for Coffee Review‘s December 2018 tasting report. Produced by Rodolfo Huezo Pineda entirely of the Pacamara variety of Arabica. The Pacamara is a big-beaned hybrid of the Bourbon-related Pacas and the huge-beaned Maragogipe, a mutant of the ancient Typica variety. This is a wet-processed or “washed” coffee, meaning the fruit skin and pulp were removed from the beans immediately after harvesting and before drying. Speckled Ax is a roaster based in Portland, Maine, specializing in high-quality certified organic and small-lot coffees. The company roasts in a vintage wood-fired Petroncini roaster with the goal of highlighting each coffee’s best attributes. Visit www.speckledax.com for more information.
This coffee tied for the fifth-highest rating in a tasting of holiday coffees for Coffee Review‘s December 2018 tasting report. Southern Ethiopia coffees are largely produced from distinctive indigenous varieties of Arabica long grown in the region, and when processed like this one by the wet or washed method (fruit skin and pulp is removed before drying), they typically express great aromatic complexity and intensity with a particular emphasis on floral notes. Visit www.steadfast.coffee for more information.
This coffee tied for the fourth-highest rating in a cupping of coffees from New England roasters for Coffee Review’s February 2019 tasting report. Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one are largely produced from distinctive indigenous varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. This is a dry-processed or “natural” version, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit rather than after the fruit has been removed, as is the case with wet-processed or “washed” coffees. Certified organic. Broadsheet Coffee Roasters is a café and roastery based in Cambridge, Massachusetts. For more information, visit www.broadsheetcoffee.com.
Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one are produced from traditional, largely indigenous varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. This lot was processed by the wet or washed method (fruit skin and pulp are removed before drying). Southern Ethiopia coffees processed with this method typically express great aromatic complexity and intensity, with a particular emphasis on floral notes. De Clieu Coffee is a Taiwan-based roaster whose mission it is to explore extraordinary coffees. For more information, visit https://m.facebook.com/declieucoffeetaipei.
This exceptional coffee was selected as the No. 9 coffee on Coffee Review’s list of the Top 30 Coffees of 2019. Bourbon Pointu, botanical name var. Laurina, is a rare variety of Arabica that is a natural mutation of the famous Bourbon variety, first selected on Reunion Island in the Indian Ocean. The Bourbon Pointu is famous for its natural low levels of caffeine, bean shape (small and tending to be pointed at the ends, hence “pointu”), and pungently fruit-toned, Bourbon-like cup. This version was produced in Kona and is a dry-processed or “natural” coffee, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit rather than after the fruit has been removed, as is the case with wet-processed or “washed” coffees. Hula Daddy is a boutique coffee producer with farms at the 1,400 and 2,500 foot levels of the Mount Hualalai volcano near the northern end of the Kona growing district, five minutes above the town of Kailua-Kona. This rare coffee is only available on the Hula Daddy website through their allocation list. Visit www.huladaddy.com or call 888-553-2339 for more information.
Southern Ethiopia coffees are largely produced from distinctive indigenous varieties of Arabica long grown in the region, and when processed like this one by the wet or washed method (fruit skin and pulp is removed before drying), they typically express great aromatic complexity and intensity with a particular emphasis on floral notes. Turnstile Coffee Roasters brings the city coffee experience to the Jersey Shore in Belmar, New Jersey. Visit www.turnstilecoffee.com or call 732-894-9012 for more information.
Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one are produced largely from traditional indigenous Ethiopian varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. This lot was processed by the wet or washed method (fruit skin and pulp are removed before drying). Ethiopia coffees processed with this method typically express great aromatic complexity and intensity, with a particular emphasis on floral notes. JBC Coffee Roasters’ vision is simple: “let the coffee lead the way” through sourcing and roasting the best and most unique coffees available and rewarding the farmers who grow those coffees with substantial premiums. Visit www.jbccoffeeroasters.com or call 608-256-5282 for more information. 
Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one are produced from traditional, largely indigenous varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. This lot was processed by the wet or washed method (fruit skin and pulp are removed before drying). Ethiopia coffees processed with this method typically express great aromatic complexity and intensity, with a particular emphasis on floral notes. Blues Brew Coffee is Taipei-based coffee roaster whose goal is to seek the highest quality coffees for the enjoyment of global coffee-lovers. For more information, visit https://www.facebook.com/bluesbrewcoffee.
Produced by the ASOPAP Small Producer Association from trees of the Caturra, Bourbon, Typica and Castillo varieties of Arabica, all wet-processed. JBC Coffee Roasters’ vision is simple: “let the coffee lead the way” through sourcing and roasting the best and most unique coffees available and rewarding the farmers who grow those coffees with substantial premiums. Visit www.jbccoffeeroasters.com or call 608-256-5282 for more information.  
From the Deri Kochoha mill in the Hagere Maryame District, a little south of the famous Yirgacheffe region, where coffees largely from trees of indigenous varieties long grown in the region are subject to classically rigorous, traditional processing and drying procedures. This is a wet-processed or “washed” coffee, meaning the fruit skin and pulp were removed from the beans immediately after harvesting and before drying. Flight Coffee is a coffee-loving, quality-focused roasting company based in Bedford, New Hampshire. Visit www.flightcoffeeco.com or call 603-836-6228 for more information.
Doi Chaang is a single-estate coffee produced by a northern Thailand hill tribe in the Golden Triangle mountains of Thailand and roasted in Canada. The independent coffee growers are strategic partners with the Canadian company, which returns $0.17 per pound of coffee sold directly back to the farmers. Visit www.doichaangcoffee.com or call 866-924-2264 for more information.
Despite challenges ranging from contested government coffee policy and urban encroachment on prime coffee lands to chronically unstable weather, Kenya continues to produce some of the world’s most elegant and distinctive coffees. This particular sample consists entirely of peaberries, a kind of bean that results when the coffee fruit develops only a single, oval bean rather than the usual pair of flat-sided beans. Peaberries produce a somewhat different (often better) cup than normal beans from the same crop, from which they may or may not be separated during grading. Temple Coffee is a quality-focused retail and wholesale specialty roaster active in Sacramento, California since 2005. Committed to sourcing, roasting and brewing the finest coffees, Temple features coffee from distinguished single estates and cooperatives around the world. Visit www.templecoffee.com or call 916-454-1282 for more information.
Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one are largely produced from distinctive indigenous Ethiopian varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. Like most southern Ethiopia coffees, this coffee was produced by villagers on small garden plots interplanted with food and other subsistence crops. This is a dry-processed or “natural” version, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit rather than after the fruit has been removed, as is the case with wet-processed or “washed” coffees. Temple Coffee is a quality-focused retail and wholesale specialty roaster active in Sacramento, California since 2005. Committed to sourcing, roasting and brewing the finest coffees, Temple features coffee from distinguished single estates and cooperatives around the world. Visit www.templecoffee.com or call 916-454-1282 for more information.
A blend of coffees from Ethiopia (natural-processed), Colombia and Kenya. Choosy Gourmet is a cafe in Kaohsiung, Taiwan, where founder Howard Hung’s mission is to highlight the “living soul” of each coffee. Visit www.choosygourmet.com, https://www.facebook.com/choosy.gourmet, email [email protected] or call +886-7-3509609 for more information.
This exceptional coffee was selected as the No. 26 coffee on Coffee Review’s list of the Top 30 Coffees of 2019. Produced by César Fernandez of El Cielito farm entirely of the Parainema variety of Arabica, a hybrid developed by the Honduran Coffee Institute for its resistance to drought and disease. This is a wet-processed or washed coffee, meaning the fruit skin and pulp were removed from the beans immediately after harvesting and before drying. An integral part of New York’s coffee renaissance, Brooklyn-based Café Grumpy opened its first café in 2005 and has since expanded to eight locations in New York, including a roasting facility, and one in Miami. Visit www.cafegrumpy.com or call 718-383-0748 for more information.
Produced entirely from trees of Bourbon-related varieties of Arabica by members of the SOPACDI coop. Located overlooking Lake Kivu, on the opposite side of the lake from Rwanda, this rapidly growing cooperative now has nearly 6,000 members and apparently is succeeding in its goal to help heal wounds left by the latest in eastern Congo’s seemingly endless string of horrific rebellions and civil wars. A wet-processed or “washed” coffee, meaning the fruit skin and pulp were removed from the beans immediately after harvesting and before drying. This coffee is certified organically grown and certified fair trade, meaning it was purchased at no less than a minimum price determined by the certifying agency to be economically sustainable for the farmers. JBC Coffee Roasters’ vision is simple: “let the coffee lead the way” through sourcing and roasting the best and most unique coffees available and rewarding the farmers who grow those coffees with substantial premiums. Visit www.jbccoffeeroasters.com or call 608-256-5282 for more information.
Yirgacheffe is a coffee region in southern Ethiopia that produces distinctive coffees from traditional indigenous varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. Yirgacheffe coffees like this one processed by the wet or washed method (fruit skin and pulp are removed before drying) typically express great aromatic complexity and intensity with a particular emphasis on floral notes. Paradise Roasters specializes in micro-lot Arabica and Robusta coffees from Asia and other emerging origins. The company prides itself on quality and freshness, craft-roasting coffees in small batches only after orders are placed. Visit www.paradiseroasters.com for more information.
The intensity and complexity of this extraordinary coffee are owing both to tree variety and processing method. The variety is the rare Ethiopia-derived botanical variety Gesha (also spelled Geisha). With its generally elongated beans and distinctive floral and crisp, often chocolaty cup, the Gesha continues to distinguish itself as one of the world’s most unique coffee varieties. Joseph Brodsky and his colleagues processed this Gesha at Ninety Plus Gesha Estates in Panama using a refined and innovative processing procedure involving fermenting the whole, freshly-picked coffee fruit at high temperatures using a special yeast strain before drying it, still in the whole fruit. Bird Rock Coffee Roasters is a retailer and wholesaler focused on organic and socially responsible coffees; it was awarded the “2012 Micro-Roaster of the Year” title by Roast Magazine. Visit www.birdrockcoffee.com or call 858-551-1707 for more information.
Produced at La Gallera Estate entirely from trees of the Sidra variety of Arabica, a hybrid of the old and respected varieties Red Bourbon and Typica. This is a wet-processed or “washed” coffee, meaning the fruit skin and pulp were removed from the beans immediately after harvesting and before drying. Kaffetre is a micro-roaster and cafe in central Taiwan, operated by Rex Chen, an authorized SCA trainer and Licensed Q-grader. For more information, visit https://www.facebook.com/pg/kaffetre.tw/about/?ref=page_internal or call +886916997779.
Produced by Pedro Maria Zuñiga of Finca El Progresso entirely of the rare Ethiopia-derived botanical variety Geisha (also spelled Gesha). With its generally elongated beans and distinctive floral and crisp, often chocolaty cup, the Geisha variety continues to distinguish itself as one of the world’s most unique coffees. This is a wet-processed or “washed” version, meaning the fruit skin and pulp were removed from the beans immediately after harvesting and before drying. Paradise Roasters specializes in micro-lot Arabica and Robusta coffees from Asia and other emerging origins. The company prides itself on quality and freshness, craft-roasting coffees in small batches only after orders are placed. Visit www.paradiseroasters.com or call 763-433-0626 for more information.
Produced entirely from trees of the heirloom Bourbon variety and processed at the award-winning Kanzu washing station or wet mill. Rwanda’s potential as fine coffee producer has only come to fruition over the past two decades owing to generous support from international aid agencies, the specialty coffee community and the industry of its growers. Boulder, Colorado-based Dragonfly Coffee was named 2019 Micro-Roaster of the Year by Roast magazine. Visit www.dragonflycoffeeroasters.com or call 303-579-2154 for more information.
The Yirgacheffe region produces distinctive coffees from traditional varieties of Arabica long grown in the area. This is a “natural” or dry-processed version, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit rather than after the fruit has been removed, as is the case with wet-processed or “washed” coffees.  Boulder, Colorado-based Dragonfly Coffee was named 2019 Micro-Roaster of the Year by Roast magazine. Visit www.dragonflycoffeeroasters.com or call 303-579-2154 for more information.
Despite challenges ranging from contested government coffee policy and urban encroachment on prime coffee lands to chronically unstable weather, Kenya continues to produce some of the world’s most elegant and distinctive coffees. Temple Coffee is a quality-focused retail and wholesale specialty roaster active in Sacramento, California since 2005. Committed to sourcing, roasting and brewing the finest coffees, Temple features coffee from distinguished single estates and cooperatives around the world. Visit www.templecoffee.com or call 916-454-1282 for more information.
The components of this blend are certified organically grown and Fair Trade certified, meaning they were purchased from small-holding farmers at a “fair” or economically sustainable price. This version of the ancient Mocha-Java blend combines a traditionally processed, wet-hulled Sumatra in place of the original Java and replaces the Yemen Mocha with a similar “natural” or dried-in-the-fruit coffee from Ethiopia. One of the country’s pioneering socially and environmentally progressive roasters, Thanksgiving aimed to combine coffee quality with social and environmental responsibility many years before the latter preoccupations became fashionable. Visit www.thanksgivingcoffee.com or call 800-648-6491 for more information.
This coffee was grown by indigenous Batak people, who have been involved in coffee production since the practice was brought to Sumatra by the Dutch in the late 19th century. Coffees from the northern part of the Indonesian island of Sumatra are admired for their complex aromatic wood and fruit notes that appear to result largely from unorthodox fruit removal and drying practices called “wet hulling.” This is a particularly refined example of the type, developed and imported by Olam Specialty Coffee. Founded by roaster Heather Brisson-Lutz in 2018, Origin Coffee Roasters highlights the origin of each carefully selected coffee with a roast profile that befits the specific characteristics of the green. Visit www.origincoffeemaui.com for more information.
This exceptional coffee was selected as the No. 27 coffee on Coffee Review’s list of the Top 30 Coffees of 2019.  A blend of various coffees from South America, decaffeinated at origin using ethyl acetate, a solvent derived from sugar cane. Paradise Roasters specializes in micro-lot Arabica and Robusta coffees from Asia and other emerging origins. The company prides itself on quality and freshness, craft-roasting coffees in small batches only after orders are placed. Visit www.paradiseroasters.com for more information.
Produced by the Muñoz family at La Meseta-Guamera farm from trees of the Caturra, Castillo and Colombia varieties of Arabica. This is a honey-processed coffee, which means that the outer skin is removed as it is in the wet or “washed” process, but at least some of the sticky fruit residue is allowed to dry on the bean and later removed by machine along with the parchment skin. Founded by roaster Heather Brisson-Lutz in 2018, Origin Coffee Roasters highlights the origin of each carefully selected coffee with a roast profile that supports the specific characteristics of the green bean. Visit www.origincoffeemaui.com for more information.
A blend of various coffees from South America, decaffeinated at origin using ethyl acetate, a natural solvent derived from sugar cane. Paradise Roasters specializes in micro-lot Arabica and Robusta coffees from Asia and other emerging origins. The company prides itself on quality and freshness, craft-roasting coffees in small batches only after orders are placed. Visit www.paradiseroasters.com for more information.
Coffees from the Yirgacheffe region are produced from distinctive traditional Ethiopian varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. Like virtually all southern Ethiopia coffees, this coffee is produced by villagers on small garden plots interplanted with food and other subsistence crops. Processed by the wet or washed method (fruit skin and pulp are removed before drying). Mystic Monk Coffee is a small-batch roaster associated with a Carmelite monastery located in the Rocky Mountains of northern Wyoming. The monks emphasize an artisan approach to roasting and a commitment to quality. Visit www.mysticmonkcoffee.com or call 877-751-6377 for more information.
Produced by RWACOF Mushonyi, entirely from trees of the Red Bourbon variety of Arabica, this is a dry-processed or “natural” coffee, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit rather than after the fruit has been removed, as is the case with wet-processed or “washed” coffees. The company name Amavida combines the Spanish words for “love” and “life,” reflecting Amavida’s multifaceted commitment to fairness and fine coffee. Visit www.amavida.com or call 850-213-1965 for more information.
Produced by RWACOF Mushonyi, entirely from trees of the Red Bourbon variety of Arabica and processed at the privately owned Mushonyi Washing Station. This is a wet-processed or “washed” coffee, meaning the fruit skin and pulp were removed from the beans immediately after harvesting and before drying. The company name Amavida combines the Spanish words for “love” and “life,” reflecting Amavida’s multifaceted commitment to fairness and fine coffee. Visit www.amavida.com or call 850-213-1965 for more information.
This coffee tied for the fourth-highest rating in a cupping of coffees from New England roasters for Coffee Review’s February 2019 tasting report. Coffees like this one produced in the celebrated Yirgacheffe region are produced from traditional, largely indigenous varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. This lot was processed by the wet or washed method (fruit skin and pulp are removed before drying). Yirgacheffe coffees processed with this method typically express great aromatic complexity and intensity, with a particular emphasis on floral notes. Speedwell Coffee, based in Plymouth, Massachusetts, is a wholesale and retail coffee roaster that also offers coffee subscriptions. For more information, visit www.speedwellcoffee.com.
This coffee tied for the third-highest rating in a cupping of coffees from New England roasters for Coffee Review’s February 2019 tasting report. Produced by Feku Jiberil from traditional, largely indigenous varieties of Arabica long grown in southern Ethiopia. Processed by the wet or washed method (fruit skin and pulp are removed before drying). This coffee is available exclusively as a part of the Barrington Coffee Curated Collection, which includes four ounces each of three distinguished coffees for $39.95. Barrington Coffee is an artisan roaster dedicated to elite coffees, fresh delivery and roasting that foregrounds the coffee and not the roast. Visit www.barringtoncoffee.com or call 800-528-0998 for more information.
This coffee tied for third-highest rating in a cupping of coffees from New England roasters for Coffee Review’s February 2019 tasting report. Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one are largely produced from distinctive indigenous Ethiopian varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. Like most southern Ethiopia coffees, this coffee was produced by villagers on small garden plots interplanted with food and other subsistence crops. This is a wet-processed or “washed” coffee, meaning the fruit skin and pulp were removed from the beans immediately after harvesting and before drying. Gracenote Coffee is an espresso bar and roastery in Boston, Massachusetts. For more information, visit www.gracenotecoffee.com.
This coffee tied for the third-highest rating in a cupping of coffees from New England roasters for Coffee Review’s February 2019 tasting report. Ethiopia coffees like this one are largely produced from distinctive indigenous Ethiopian varieties of Arabica long grown in their respective regions. Most likely this coffee was produced by villagers on small garden plots interplanted with food and other subsistence crops. This is a wet-processed or “washed” coffee, meaning the fruit skin and pulp were removed from the beans immediately after harvesting and before drying. Tandem Coffee is a café and roastery based in Portland, Maine. For more information, visit www.tandemcoffee.com.
This coffee earned the second-highest rating in a cupping of coffees from New England roasters for Coffee Review’s February 2019 tasting report. Despite challenges ranging from contested government coffee policy and urban encroachment on prime coffee lands to chronically unstable weather, Kenya continues to produce some of the world’s most elegant and distinctive coffees. Vermont Artisan Coffee & Tea provides craft-roasted coffees and quality teas to retail establishments, food service markets, and retail customers throughout New England, and beyond. For more information, visit  www.vtartisan.com.
This coffee tied for the second-highest rating in a cupping of coffees from New England roasters for Coffee Review’s February 2019 tasting report. Southern Ethiopia produces distinctive coffees from traditional, largely indigenous varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. This is a dry-processed or “natural” version, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit rather than after the fruit has been removed, as is the case with wet-processed or “washed” coffees. Certified organic. Willoughby’s Coffee & Tea is a pioneer specialty coffee roaster established in the early 1980s that has gracefully and successfully moved with the times and now offers a menu of extremely refined small-lot, single-origin coffees. Visit www.willoughbyscoffee.com or call 800-388-8400 for more information.
This exceptional coffee was selected as the No. 5 coffee on Coffee Review’s list of the Top 30 Coffees of 2019. This coffee also earned the highest rating in a cupping of coffees from New England roasters for Coffee Review’s February 2019 tasting report. Produced entirely from trees of the Bourbon variety of Arabica, this is a wet-processed or “washed” coffee, meaning the fruit skin and pulp were removed from the beans immediately after harvesting and before drying.  This particular sample consists entirely of peaberries, a kind of bean that results when the coffee fruit develops only a single, oval bean rather than the usual pair of flat-sided beans. Peaberries produce a somewhat different (often better) cup than normal beans from the same crop, from which they may or may not be separated during grading. Flight Coffee is a coffee-loving, quality-focused roasting company based in Bedford, New Hampshire. Visit www.flightcoffeeco.com or call 603-836-6228 for more information.
This coffee tied for the highest rating in a cupping of coffees from Peru, Bolivia and Ecuador for Coffee Review’s March 2019 tasting report. Certified organic. Produced by Ilda María Mayo entirely of the Typica variety of Arabica. This is a wet-processed or “washed” coffee, meaning the fruit skin and pulp were removed from the beans immediately after harvesting and before drying. Wonderstate Coffee, formerly Kickapoo Coffee, is an award-winning roaster based in rural Wisconsin known for their commitment to guaranteeing higher pay for farmers and being the country’s first 100% solar powered roastery. Visit https://wonderstate.com for more information.
This coffee tied for the highest rating in a cupping of coffees from Peru, Bolivia and Ecuador for Coffee Review’s March 2019 tasting report. Produced by Guillermo Ortiz of Finca Victoria, entirely from the Typica Mejorado variety of Arabica, in the Pichincha Province of North-central Ecuador. This is a wet-processed or “washed” coffee, meaning the fruit skin and pulp were removed from the beans immediately after harvesting and before drying. Paradise Roasters specializes in micro-lot Arabica and Robusta coffees from Asia and other emerging origins. The company prides itself on quality and freshness, craft-roasting coffees in small batches only after orders are placed. Visit www.paradiseroasters.com or call 763-433-0626 for more information.
This coffee tied for the highest rating in a cupping of coffees from Peru, Bolivia and Ecuador for Coffee Review’s March 2019 tasting report. Produced by Fausto Roma of Carolina Farm entirely from trees of the Sidra variety of Arabica, a hybrid of the old and respected varieties Red Bourbon and Typica. This is a wet-processed or “washed” version, meaning the fruit skin and pulp were removed from the beans immediately after harvesting and before drying. Roasted at PT’s Coffee, where the motto is “without the love, it’s just coffee.” Visit www.ptscoffee.com or call 888-678-5282 for more information.
This coffee tied for the second-highest rating in a cupping of coffees from Peru, Bolivia and Ecuador for Coffee Review’s March 2019 tasting report. Produced entirely from trees of the celebrated Geisha (also spelled Gesha) variety of Arabica. This is a wet-processed or “washed” version, meaning the fruit skin and pulp were removed from the beans immediately after harvesting and before drying. Blues Brew Coffee is Taipei-based coffee roaster seeking the highest quality coffees for the enjoyment of global coffee-lovers. For more information, visit https://www.facebook.com/bluesbrewcoffee.
This coffee tied for the highest rating in a cupping of coffees from Peru, Bolivia and Ecuador for Coffee Review’s March 2019 tasting report. Produced by Edith Meza entirely from trees of the Red Caturra variety of Arabica. This is a dry-processed or “natural” coffee, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit rather than after the fruit has been removed, as is the case with wet-processed or “washed” coffees. Bird Rock Coffee Roasters is a retailer and wholesaler focused on organic and socially responsible coffees; it was awarded the “2012 Micro-Roaster of the Year” title by Roast Magazine. Visit www.birdrockcoffee.com or call 858-551-1707 for more information.
This coffee tied for the highest rating in a cupping of coffees from Peru, Bolivia and Ecuador for Coffee Review’s March 2019 tasting report. Produced by Tomas Fernandez entirely from trees of the Caturra variety of Arabica. This is a wet-processed or “washed” coffee, meaning the fruit skin and pulp were removed from the beans immediately after harvesting and before drying. Founded in 2015, the Greater Goods mission is to enrich the lives of coffee-drinkers through passion, creativity, innovation and commitment to the consistency of the specialty coffee the company roasts, and through the local causes supported with its proceeds. Visit greatergoodsroasting.com or call 512-858-2680 for more information.
This coffee tied for the third-highest rating in a cupping of coffees from Peru, Bolivia and Ecuador for Coffee Review’s March 2019 tasting report. Produced entirely from the trees of the celebrated Geisha (also spelled Gesha) variety of Arabica. This is a dry-processed or “natural” coffee, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit rather than after the fruit has been removed, as is the case with wet-processed or “washed” coffees. Plat Coffee is a specialty roaster and café in Hong Kong. For more information, visit www.platcoffee.com.
Southern Ethiopia produces distinctive coffees from traditional, largely indigenous varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. This lot was processed by the wet or washed method (fruit skin and pulp are removed before drying). Big Creek Coffee Roasters is a small, quality-oriented batch roaster located in Montana’s Bitterroot Valley. Visit www.bigcreekcoffeeroasters.com or call 406-375-7508 for more information.
Certified organic. Produced entirely from trees of the admired Bourbon variety of Arabica. A washed-process coffee (fruit is removed before drying). Hala Tree Coffee is a family-owned organic Kona coffee farm located near Captain Cook village, in the heart of the Kona coffee belt, overlooking historic Kealakekua Bay. The 100% Kona Coffee produced on this USDA organic-certified property is processed and roasted on site to ensure quality. For more information, visit www.halatreecoffee.com.
Certified organic. Produced entirely from trees of the Kona Typica variety of Arabica. Processed by the dry or “natural” method, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit rather than after the fruit has been removed, as is the case with wet-processed or "washed" coffees. Hala Tree Coffee is a family-owned organic Kona coffee farm located near Captain Cook village, in the heart of the Kona coffee belt, overlooking historic Kealakekua Bay. The 100% Kona Coffee produced on this USDA organic-certified property is processed and roasted on site to ensure quality. For more information, visit www.halatreecoffee.com.
From the Tumba washing station or wet mill operated by Venustre Mugraneza. Produced from trees of the Jackson variety of arabica, a local strain of the admired Bourbon variety. Wet-processed or “washed,” meaning the fruit skin and pulp were removed from the beans immediately after harvesting. Big Creek Coffee Roasters is a small, quality-oriented batch roaster located in Montana’s Bitterroot Valley. Visit www.bigcreekcoffeeroasters.com or call 406-375-7508 for more information.
Produced on Finca Quejina by the Nicolas Ramirez family from trees of the Bourbon, Caturra and Pache varieties of Arabica. This is a wet-processed or “washed” coffee, meaning the fruit skin and pulp were removed from the beans immediately after harvesting and before drying. Revel Coffee is a micro-roaster located in Billings, Montana. Its motto: “Quality is paramount – a difference you can revel in.” Visit www.revelcoffee.com or call 406-534-9621 for more information.
A seasonal espresso blend comprised of a washed-process Costa Rica El Boyerito and a natural-processed Ethiopia Layo Taraga. Established in 2010, Red Rooster is an organic-certified micro-roaster focusing on socially conscious coffee, high-quality coffee. Visit redroostercoffee.com or call 540-745-7338 for more information.
Produced from trees of the respected Catuai and Caturra varieties of Arabica at Calle Liles Farm and processed by the black honey method, meaning that skins are removed from the fruit, but virtually all of the pulp is allowed to dry on the beans, often resulting in a deep, pungent profile. Certified organic. Established in 2010, Red Rooster is an organic-certified micro-roaster focusing on socially conscious, high-quality coffee. Visit redroostercoffee.com or call 540-745-7338 for more information.
Despite challenges ranging from contested government coffee policy and urban encroachment on prime coffee lands to chronically unstable weather, Kenya continues to produce some of the world’s most elegant and distinctive coffees. Founded in 2015, the Greater Goods mission is to enrich the lives of coffee-drinkers through passion, creativity, innovation and commitment to the consistency of the specialty coffee the company roasts, and through the local causes supported with its proceeds. Visit greatergoodsroasting.com or call 512-858-2680 for more information.
Produced from largely indigenous varieties of Arabica long grown in Guji, about 40 kilometers southeast of the celebrated Yirgacheffe region. When processed like this one by the wet or washed method (fruit skin and pulp is removed before drying), they typically express great aromatic complexity and intensity with a particular emphasis on floral notes. Founded by roaster Keith Gehrke in 2015, States Coffee is a single-location community-focused coffee shop in downtown Martinez, California, featuring coffee roasted in-house and artisan-made goods. Visit www.statescoffee.com for more information.
Santos Coffee is a micro-roaster based in Chia-Yi, Taiwan. Email [email protected] for more information.
This exceptional coffee was selected as the No. 6 coffee on Coffee Review’s list of the Top 30 Coffees of 2019. Produced at the Karindundu mill from trees of the SL-28 and SL-34 varieties of Arabica. Despite challenges ranging from unclear government coffee policy and urban encroachment on prime coffee lands to chronically unstable weather, the famed Kenya coffee auction system and its participating cooperatives continue to produce some of the world’s most elegant and distinctive coffee.Boulder, Colorado-based Dragonfly Coffee was named 2019 Micro-Roaster of the Year by Roast magazine. Visit www.dragonflycoffeeroasters.com or call 303-579-2154 for more information.
This coffee tied for the third-highest rating in a cupping of coffees from Sumatra for Coffee Review’s April 2019 tasting report. Processed by the atypical (for Sumatra) honey method, in which the skin is removed from the coffee fruit immediately after picking, but the seeds or beans are dried with all or part of the sweet pulp, or fruit flesh, still adhering to them. Small Eyes Café is a small, family-owned coffee shop in Yilan, Taiwan, specializing in artisanally roasted specialty coffee and homemade desserts. Visit https://www.facebook.com/Smalleyescafe for more information.
This coffee tied for the fourth-highest rating in a cupping of coffees from Sumatra for Coffee Review’s April 2019 tasting report. Coffees like this one from the northern part of the Indonesian island of Sumatra are valued for their complex earth and fruit notes that appear to result largely from unorthodox fruit removal and drying practices called “wet-hulling.” Produced by the Ketiara Cooperative, the only women-led cooperative in Indonesia, with 867 small-holding members. Certified at origin as fair-trade (by Fairtrade International) and organically grown, but not so labeled. Barrington Coffee is an artisan roaster dedicated to elite coffees, fresh delivery and roasting that foregrounds the coffee and not the roast. Visit www.barringtoncoffee.com or call 800-528-0998 for more information.
This exceptional coffee was selected as the No. 23 coffee on Coffee Review’s list of the Top 30 Coffees of 2019. This coffee also achieved the highest rating in a cupping of coffees from Sumatra for Coffee Review’s April 2019 tasting report. Coffees from the northern part of the Indonesian island of Sumatra are valued for their complex earth and fruit notes that appear to result largely from unorthodox fruit removal and drying practices called “wet-hulling.” This is a particularly refined example of the type, branded Tano Batak by the exporters, Olam specialty Coffee and produced in the admired Lintong region south of Lake Toba. Peach Coffee Roasters is an Atlanta, Georgia-based specialty roaster. Visit www.peachcoffeeroasters.com for more information.
Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one are largely produced from distinctive indigenous Ethiopian varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. This is a dry-processed or “natural” version, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit rather than after the fruit has been removed, as is the case with wet-processed or “washed” coffees. Kakalove Café is a nano-roaster located in the small city of Chia-Yi in Taiwan that strives to procure and roast the finest quality coffee. Visit www.kakalovecafe.com.tw or email [email protected] for more information.
Produced from trees of the N39, KP423 varieties of Arabica, this is a wet-processed or “washed” coffee, meaning the fruit skin and pulp were removed from the beans immediately after harvesting and before drying. Flight Coffee is a coffee-loving, quality-focused roasting company based in Bedford, New Hampshire. Visit www.flightcoffeeco.com or call 603-836-6228 for more information.
This exceptional coffee was selected as the No. 25 coffee on Coffee Review’s list of the Top 30 Coffees of 2019. Produced at Cerro Las Ranas farm from trees of the Bourbon variety of Arabica. Processed by the honey method, which means that the outer skin is removed as it is in the wet or “washed” process, but at least some of the sticky fruit residue is allowed to dry on the bean and later removed by machine along with the parchment skin. Kakalove Café is a nano-roaster located in the small city of Chia-Yi in Taiwan that strives to procure and roast the finest quality coffee. Visit www.kakalovecafe.com.tw or email [email protected] for more information.
The green coffee contributing its distinction to this single-origin espresso is produced by innovating Gesha Village Estate in southwestern Ethiopia from trees of the local, indigenous Illubabor variety. A washed coffee, meaning the soft fruit residue was removed from the beans before drying. Plat Coffee is a specialty roaster and café in Hong Kong. For more information, visit www.platcoffee.com.
Produced from trees of the celebrated Ethiopia-derived botanical variety Geisha (also spelled Gesha). “Black” refers to a proprietary method of drying and fruit removal developed by innovative boutique exporter/importer Ninety Plus Coffee. Kakalove Café is a nano-roaster located in the small city of Chia-Yi in Taiwan that strives to procure and roast the finest quality coffee. Visit www.kakalovecafe.com.tw or email [email protected] for more information.
Produced from trees of the great and celebrated SL28 selection of Arabica and processed by the meticulous Kenya variation on the traditional wet or “washed” method, in which skin and fruit flesh are removed from the beans or seeds before they are dried. Plat Coffee is a specialty roaster and café in Hong Kong. For more information, visit www.platcoffee.com.
A blend of coffees from Colombia, Rwanda and El Salvador. Kakalove Café is a nano-roaster located in the small city of Chia-Yi in Taiwan that strives to procure and roast the finest quality coffee. Visit www.kakalovecafe.com.tw or email [email protected] for more information.
Produced by Rodrigo Sanchez Valencia on Finca Monteblanco from trees of the Purple Caturra variety, and processed by the natural method, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit rather than after the fruit has been removed, as is the case with the wet-processed or “washed” coffees. Old Soul is a roastery, bakery and crafter of artisanal goods dedicated to quality in every form. Visit www.oldsoulco.com or call 916-443-7685 for more information.
Produced by Jose Maria de Oliveira in the Cerrado growing region of Minas Gerais State in southeastern Brazil. This is a dry-processed or “natural” coffee, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit rather than after the fruit has been removed, as is the case with wet-processed or “washed” coffees. Located in southwestern Colorado, Durango Coffee lays claim to a rich coffee history that dates to 1986. Its motto is “Tough Town, Great Coffee.” Visit www.durangocoffee.com or call 800-748-2275 for more information.
From the Tumba washing station or wet mill operated by Venustre Mugraneza. Produced from trees of the Jackson variety of arabica, a local strain of the admired Bourbon variety. Wet-processed or “washed,” meaning the fruit skin and pulp were removed from the beans immediately after harvesting. Corvus Coffee Roasters is based in Denver, Colorado and specializes in rare and exclusive coffees from some of the finest growers in the world. Corvus particularly focuses on processing methods and selective harvesting, which result in small, seasonal micro-lots of uniquely sweet, vibrant, and clean flavor profiles. For more information, visit www.corvuscoffee.com.
Processed by the traditional Harrar natural or dry method, meaning the coffee was dried with both skin and fruit still adhering to the beans. The Jampot opened in 1986  on the Keweenaw Peninsula, the northernmost point of Michigan’s Upper Peninsula, selling handmade preserves from locally grown berries under the Poorrock Abbey name. Over the years Poorrock has added a robust line of baked goods, candies and specialty coffees. Proceeds support the vision and works of Holy Transfiguration Skete, a Byzantine Catholic Monastery. For more information visit www.poorrockabbey.com.
Produced from trees of the traditional Typica variety of Arabica by Cynthia and Dennis Staats at KonAroma farm at 2,400 feet elevation in the Kona growing district of Hawaii. The Jampot opened in 1986  on the Keweenaw Peninsula, the northernmost point of Michigan’s Upper Peninsula, selling handmade preserves from locally grown berries under the Poorrock Abbey name. Over the years Poorrock has added a robust line of baked goods, candies and specialty coffees. Proceeds support the vision and works of Holy Transfiguration Skete, a Byzantine Catholic Monastery. For more information visit www.poorrockabbey.com.
This coffee tied for the second-highest rating in a cupping of coffees from Peru, Bolivia and Ecuador for Coffee Review’s March 2019 tasting report. This is a wet-processed or “washed” coffee, meaning the fruit skin and pulp were removed from the beans immediately after harvesting and before drying. Wild Goose emphasizes its relationship-driven green coffee sourcing, and for every pound of coffee sold it purchases ten pounds of food for a local food bank, with over 750,000 pounds donated to date. Visit www.wildgoosecoffee.com for more information.
This coffee tied for the second-highest rating in a cupping of coffees from Peru, Bolivia and Ecuador for Coffee Review’s March 2019 tasting report. Produced by Juan Peña of Hacienda La Papaya entirely of the Typica variety of Arabica. This is a wet-processed or “washed” coffee, meaning the fruit skin and pulp were removed from the beans immediately after harvesting and before drying. Willoughby’s Coffee & Tea is a pioneer specialty coffee roaster established in the early 1980s that has gracefully and successfully moved with the times and now offers a menu of extremely refined small-lot, single-origin coffees. Visit www.willoughbyscoffee.com or call 800-388-8400 for more information.
This coffee tied for the third-highest rating in a cupping of coffees from Peru, Bolivia and Ecuador for Coffee Review’s March 2019 tasting report.  This is a dry-processed or “natural” coffee, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit rather than after the fruit has been removed, as is the case with wet-processed or “washed” coffees. Peach Coffee Roasters is an Atlanta, Georgia-based specialty roaster. Visit www.peachcoffeeroasters.com for more information.
Despite grower discontent and urban encroachment on prime coffee lands, Kenya continues to produce some of the world’s most elegant and distinctive coffees. Evie’s Café, based in Chia-Yi Taiwan, specializes in fine roasted coffees as well as pour-overs and cold-brews. Visit https://m.facebook.com/eviescafe88/ for more information.
This nano-lot, imported by Paradise Coffee, represents a coffee produced in the Sabah state of Malaysia, across the South China Sea from mainland Malaysia, on the island of Borneo. Malaysian coffee is typically associated with the Robusta and Liberica species, not the Arabica varieties that are most prominent in specialty coffee, making this the first Malaysia-grown Arabica coffee ever to be roasted and sold outside of that country. It is a mix of varieties of Arabica and is processed by the double-washed method. Paradise Roasters specializes in micro-lot Arabica and Robusta coffees from Asia and other emerging origins. The company prides itself on quality and freshness, craft-roasting coffees in small batches only after orders are placed. Visit www.paradiseroasters.com or call 763-433-0626 for more information. 
Produced by Finca La Colombiana and processed by the wet or “washed” method, in which skin and fruit flesh are removed from the beans or seeds before they are dried. Caffeic is a family-owned, Montana-based roaster with a focus on sourcing and sharing the highest-quality coffees available. Visit www.caffeic.coffee for more information.
Established in 2009, The Muungano Cooperative is located on the western shores of Lake Kivu and is comprised of roughly 4,400 smallholder farmers; with nearly half of these farmers being women. Temple Coffee is a quality-focused retail and wholesale specialty roaster active in Sacramento, California since 2005. Committed to sourcing, roasting and brewing the finest coffees, Temple features coffee from distinguished single estates and cooperatives around the world. Visit www.templecoffee.com or call 916-454-1282 for more information.
This blend consists of a wet-processed Arabica coffee from the Huehuetenango region of Guatemala, a dry-processed or natural Arabica from the Cerrado region of Brazil, and a wet-processed, high-end Robusta from India. The Curve Coffee Roasting Co., a certified Specialty Coffee Association teaching lab, offers professional coffee courses and roasts and sells many kinds of single-origin beans. Visit www.thecurvecoffee.com.tw for more information.
Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one are largely produced from distinctive indigenous Ethiopian varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. This is a dry-processed or “natural” version, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit rather than after the fruit has been removed, as is the case with wet-processed or “washed” coffees. Cafe Virtuoso is a small-batch coffee roaster that is ethically invested in procuring, roasting and delivering the highest quality and best-tasting organic coffee in San Diego. Visit www.cafevirtuoso.com or call 619-550-1830 for more information.
Produced from trees of local strains of the heirloom Bourbon variety of Arabica.  Processed at the Murundo Washing Station by the wet or “washed” method, in which skin and fruit flesh are removed from the beans or seeds before they are dried. JBC Coffee Roasters’ vision is simple: “let the coffee lead the way” through sourcing and roasting the best and most unique coffees available and rewarding the farmers who grow those coffees with substantial premiums. Visit www.jbccoffeeroasters.com or call 608-256-5282 for more information.
Produced from trees of local strains of the heirloom Bourbon variety of Arabica.  Processed at the Murundo Washing Station by the wet or “washed” method, in which skin and fruit flesh are removed from the beans or seeds before they are dried. JBC Coffee Roasters’ vision is simple: “let the coffee lead the way” through sourcing and roasting the best and most unique coffees available and rewarding the farmers who grow those coffees with substantial premiums. Visit www.jbccoffeeroasters.com or call 608-256-5282 for more information.
This exceptional coffee was selected as the No. 14 coffee on Coffee Review’s list of the Top 30 Coffees of 2019. Produced from trees of the rare Ethiopia-derived botanical variety Gesha (also Geisha). With its generally elongated beans and distinctive floral and crisp, often chocolaty cup, the Gesha variety continues to distinguish itself as one of the world’s most unique coffees. Although the Gesha variety originated in Ethiopia, it was “discovered” by the coffee world in 2004 growing in Boquete, Panama, and Panama continues to dominate the expanding world of Gesha. This particular version, however, is the outcome of efforts to commercialize Gesha in the region from which it originally came. Processed by the dried-in-the-fruit or natural method. Small Eyes Café is a small, family-owned coffee shop in Yilan, Taiwan, specializing in artisanally roasted specialty coffee and homemade desserts. Visit https://www.facebook.com/Smalleyescafe for more information.
Produced from trees of local strains of the heirloom Bourbon variety of Arabica. Epiphanie Mukashyaka established the now famous Bufcafe washing station or wet mill following the Rwandan genocide. Processed by a Rwandan version of the wet or “washed” method, in which skin and fruit flesh are removed from the beans or seeds before they are dried. JBC Coffee Roasters’ vision is simple: “let the coffee lead the way” through sourcing and roasting the best and most unique coffees available and rewarding the farmers who grow those coffees with substantial premiums. Visit www.jbccoffeeroasters.com or call 608-256-5282 for more information.
This exceptional coffee was selected as the No. 3 coffee on Coffee Review’s list of the Top 30 Coffees of 2019. Comprised entirely of beans from the rare Sudan Rume, a presumably very old variety of Arabica originally selected from wild trees growing on the Boma Plateau of Sudan, close to the border with Ethiopia. Processed by the dried-in-the-fruit or natural method. Produced by Rigoberto Herrera at Granja La Esperanza in Colombia, an innovative producer that specializes in impressive and innovative work with unusual cultivars of Arabica. Roasted at PT’s Coffee, where the motto is “without the love, it’s just coffee.” Visit www.ptscoffee.com or call 888-678-JAVA for more information.
Produced by Juan Peña of Hacienda La Papaya entirely from trees of the Typica variety of Arabica. This is a wet-processed or “washed” coffee, meaning the fruit skin and pulp were removed from the beans immediately after harvesting and before drying. Founded in 1990, Lexington Coffee is an award-winning artisan roasting company based in Virginia. Lexington’s focus on fresh, flavorful and sustainable coffee is reflected in its motto, “Fresh, Flavorful & Fair.” Visit www.lexingtoncoffee.com or call 800-322-6505 for more information.
Until 2015, Federacion Nacional de Cafeteros, the governing body of Colombian Coffee, only allowed exports of washed coffees. This coffee is processed by the honey method, which means that the outer skin is removed as it is in the wet or “washed” process, but at least some of the sticky fruit residue is allowed to dry on the bean and later removed by machine along with the parchment skin. Founded in 1990, Lexington Coffee is an award-winning artisan roasting company based in Virginia. Lexington’s focus on fresh, flavorful and sustainable coffee is reflected in its motto, “Fresh, Flavorful & Fair.” Visit www.lexingtoncoffee.com or call 800-322-6505 for more information.
This coffee tied for the second-highest rating in a cupping of coffees from Sumatra for Coffee Review’s April 2019 tasting report. Coffees like this one from the northern part of the Indonesian island of Sumatra are valued for their complex earth and fruit notes that appear to result largely from unorthodox fruit removal and drying practices called “wet-hulling.” Gracenote Coffee is an espresso bar and roastery in Boston, Massachusetts. For more information, visit www.gracenotecoffee.com. 
This coffee tied for the second-highest rating in a cupping of coffees from Sumatra for Coffee Review’s April 2019 tasting report. Coffees from the northern part of the Indonesian island of Sumatra are valued for their complex earth and fruit notes that appear to result largely from unorthodox fruit removal and drying practices called “wet-hulling.” This is a particularly refined example of the type, produced in the Lintong region south of Lake Toba, one of the oldest and arguably the most admired of Sumatra growing regions. Notch roasts in small batches to maintain quality and also offers a signature line of cold-brew, ready-to-drink coffees and concentrates. Visit www.notchcoffeee.com for more information; to order, email [email protected]
This coffee tied for the third-highest rating in a cupping of coffees from Sumatra for Coffee Review’s April 2019 tasting report. Coffees like this one from the northern part of the Indonesian island of Sumatra are valued for their complex earth and fruit notes that appear to result largely from unorthodox fruit removal and drying practices called “wet-hulling.” Roaster Yu Chih Hao is co-founder of Fumi Coffee, a roaster in Hsinchu, Taiwan specializing in specialty coffee and homemade desserts. Visit https://m.facebook.com/fumicafe035586631/ for more information.
This coffee tied for the third-highest rating in a cupping of coffees from Sumatra for Coffee Review’s April 2019 tasting report. It is an atypical Sumatra, having been processed by the dried-in-the-fruit natural method, rather than by the washed and wet-hulled method most associated with Sumatra coffees. Giv COFFEE is dedicated to three goals: to provide quality coffee, to provide a fair price to farmers, and to give back to those in need. Giv COFFEE donates two dollars of every retail bag of coffee it sells. Visit www.givcoffee.com or call 860-874-5301 for more information.
This coffee tied for the third-highest rating in a cupping of coffees from Sumatra for Coffee Review’s April 2019 tasting report. Unusual for Sumatra, it is a conventionally wet-processed coffee prepared without the characteristic Sumatra wet-hulled intervention. Paradise Roasters specializes in micro-lot Arabica and Robusta coffees from Asia and other emerging origins. The company prides itself on quality and freshness, craft-roasting coffees in small batches only after orders are placed. Visit www.paradiseroasters.com or call 763-433-0626 for more information. 
This coffee was produced by the ASOPCAFA small producer association, a cooperative founded in 2013. It is a wet-processed, or washed, coffee, meaning that the skin and fruit pulp were removed or “washed” from the beans before they were dried. JBC Coffee Roasters’ vision is simple: “let the coffee lead the way” through sourcing and roasting the best and most unique coffees available and rewarding the farmers who grow those coffees with substantial premiums. Visit www.jbccoffeeroasters.com or call 608-256-5282 for more information.  
Burundi is a small, landlocked country in the Great Lakes region of Central Africa. Most coffee is grown in the mountains of the north, bordering Rwanda. Benefiting from ideal growing conditions and large plantings of local strains of the heirloom Bourbon variety of Arabica, Burundi coffees have developed an excellent and growing reputation. Processed by the dry or “natural” method, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit rather than after the fruit has been removed, as is the case with wet-processed or "washed" coffees. The company name Amavida combines the Spanish words for love and life, reflecting Amavida’s multifaceted commitment to fairness and fine coffee. For further information visit www.amavida.com or call 850-213-1965.
This coffee tied for the highest rating in a cupping of Hawai’i-grown coffees for Coffee Review’s May 2019 tasting report. This Ka’u coffee, comprised mostly of the Typica and Caturra varieties of Arabica, was processed using an unusual sequence of procedures. It was first fermented in the whole fruit with wine yeasts added to the tank, then dried in the whole fruit, making it, in effect, a fermented natural. Paradise Roasters specializes in micro-lot Arabica and Robusta coffees from Asia and other emerging origins. The company prides itself on quality and freshness, craft-roasting coffees in small batches only after orders are placed. Visit www.paradiseroasters.com or call 763-433-0626 for more information. 
This coffee tied for the highest rating in a cupping of Hawai’i-grown coffees for Coffee Review’s May 2019 tasting report. Produced from trees of the rare Ethiopia-derived botanical variety Geisha (also Gesha) by Greg and Susy Stille at Monarch Coffee Estate. With its generally elongated beans and distinctive floral and crisp, often chocolaty cup, the Geisha/Gesha variety continues to distinguish itself as one of the world’s most unique coffees. This version was processed by the traditional wet or “washed” method, in which skin and fruit flesh are removed from the beans or seeds before they are dried. Founded in 1995 by Brooke McDonnell and Helen Russell, Equator Coffees operates retail stores in the bay area and provides coffee to hundreds of wholesale accounts. Equator has been a certified B-Corp since 2011, and its commitment to a sustainable, transparent approach spans more than two decades. Visit www.equatorcoffees.com or call 800-809-7687 for more information.
This exceptional coffee was selected as the No. 30 coffee on Coffee Review’s list of the Top 30 Coffees of 2019.  This coffee also tied for the second-highest rating in a cupping of Hawai’i-grown coffees for Coffee Review’s May 2019 tasting report. Produced entirely of the Caturra variety of Arabica by Accidental Coffee Farm in Glenwood, Hawai’i at an altitude of 2,000 feet in the Puna District of the Big Island. Processed by the Kenya-style double-washed method, then further conditioned using an experimental barrel-aging treatment in local Kuleana rum barrels. Big Island Coffee is an award-winning coffee roaster and coffee farm operated with hands-on passion by Kelleigh Stewart and Brandon von Damitz. Visit www.bigislandcoffeeroasters.com for more information.
This coffee tied for the second-highest rating in a cupping of Hawai’i-grown coffees for Coffee Review’s May 2019 tasting report. Produced entirely of the Typica variety of Arabica and processed by the traditional wet or “washed” method, in which skin and fruit flesh are removed from the beans or seeds before they are dried. This sample also consists entirely of peaberries, a kind of bean that results when the coffee fruit develops only a single, oval bean rather than the usual pair of flat-sided beans. Peaberries produce a somewhat different (often better) cup than normal beans from the same crop, from which they may or may not be separated during grading. Big Island Coffee is an award-winning coffee roaster and coffee farm operated with hands-on passion by Kelleigh Stewart and Brandon von Damitz. Visit www.bigislandcoffeeroasters.com for more information.
This coffee tied for the second-highest rating in a cupping of Hawai’i-grown coffees for Coffee Review’s May 2019 tasting report. Hula Daddy is a boutique coffee producer with farms at the 1,400 and 2,500 foot levels of the Mount Hualalai volcano near the northern end of the Kona growing district, five minutes above the town of Kailua-Kona. This coffee was produced entirely from trees of the distinguished SL-28 variety of Arabica, the most celebrated of the Bourbon-derived tree varieties responsible for Kenya’s finest coffees. This SL-28 was grown at the higher elevation Hula Daddy farm and processed with the ferment step conducted “dry” (no water added to the tank) using a commercial yeast. It is a limited-edition coffee only available for sale through the allocation list on the Hula Daddy website. Visit www.huladaddy.com or call 888-553-2339 for more information. 
This coffee tied for the second-highest rating in a cupping of Hawai’i-grown coffees for Coffee Review’s May 2019 tasting report. Comprised entirely of the Kona Typica variety of Arabica and sourced by Isla Custom Coffees (a sister company of Rusty’s Hawaiian) from various Ka’u farms. Processed by the natural method, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit rather than after the fruit has been removed, as is the case with wet-processed coffees. Nine Point Coffee is a Taipei-based specialty roaster and cafe. For more information, visit https://m.facebook.com/NINEPOINTCOFFEE/?locale2=zh_TW.
This exceptional coffee was selected as the No. 16 coffee on Coffee Review’s list of the Top 30 Coffees of 2019. This coffee also tied for the second-highest rating in a cupping of Hawai’i-grown coffees for Coffee Review’s May 2019 tasting report. Produced by Gerry Ross and Janet Simpson at Kupa’a Farms entirely of the Orange Bourbon variety of Arabica, and processed by the wet or “washed” method, in which skin and fruit flesh are removed from the beans or seeds before they are dried. Founded by roaster Heather Brisson-Lutz in 2018, Origin Coffee Roasters highlights the origin of each carefully selected coffee with a roast profile that highlights the specific characteristics of the green. Visit www.origincoffeemaui.com for more information.
This coffee tied for the third-highest rating in a cupping of Hawai’i-grown coffees for Coffee Review’s May 2019 tasting report. Ka’u is an emerging Hawai’i coffee-growing district centered approximately 30 miles southeast of the famous Kona region. This 100% Ka’u coffee was developed by Lorie Obra of Rusty’s, one of Ka’u’s best-known and most celebrated farms. Produced from trees of the traditional Typica variety and processed by the honey method, which means that the outer skin is removed as it is in the wet or “washed” process, but at least some of the sticky fruit residue is allowed to dry on the bean and later removed by machine along with the parchment skin. Visit www.rustyshawaiian.com or call 808-928-8916 for more information.
This coffee tied for the third-highest rating in a cupping of Hawai’i-grown coffees for Coffee Review’s May 2019 tasting report. Produced by Rusty’s Hawaiian entirely of the Typica variety of Arabica and processed by the dry-processed or “natural” method, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit rather than after the fruit has been removed, as is the case with wet-processed or “washed” coffees. Three Chairs Coffee was established in 2014 by Turgay YILDIZLI, the 2013 World Cezve/Ibrik Champion. Three Chairs offers coffees roasted to order for either Turkish or filtered coffee and is on a mission to improve the quality of Turkish coffee and introduce it to the specialty coffee world. The company has partnered with Rusty's Hawaiian for several years, highlighting Ka’u natural-processed coffees. Visit www.specialtyturkishcoffee.com for more information.
This coffee earned the fourth-highest rating in a cupping of Hawai’i-grown coffees for Coffee Review’s May 2019 tasting report. Mamo is a big-beaned hybrid of the rare Maragogipe and Mokka varieties of Arabica, developed over the last 20 years in Kona on the Big Island of Hawai’i under the leadership of Hawai’i-based scientist Chifumi Nagai. Greenwell Farms is one of the oldest coffee farms and mills in Kona, still owned and operated on a daily basis by Tom Greenwell, a direct descendent of the founders. Greenwell Estate Private Reserve designates coffee grown on the Greenwell farm itself. Other Greenwell coffees are milled by Greenwell but grown on a variety of other Kona farms. Visit www.greenwellfarms.com or call 1-888-592-5662 for more info.
This lot was produced by Fidencio Martinez, who operates one of five plots on the family estate. Processed by the honey method, which means that the outer skin is removed as it is in the wet or “washed” process, but at least some of the sticky fruit residue is allowed to dry on the bean and later removed by machine along with the parchment skin. BeanFruit Coffee Coffee Company is a small coffee-roasting company located in the Jackson, Mississippi area, founded on a desire to provide freshly roasted coffee to the Jackson area and educate local consumers about great-tasting coffee. Visit www.beanfruit.com or call 601-624-2605 for more information.
Produced on Monteverde Estate in Colombia by the Gilardo Gutierrez family from trees of the rare Ethiopia Wush Wush variety of Arabica. Processed by fermenting the fresh coffee fruit in an oxygen-free environment before drying it in the whole fruit. Dou Zhai Coffee is a café and roastery on a quiet lane in Taoyuan City, Taiwan, that offers a wide range of exceptional coffees. Visit www.douzhaicafe.com.tw for more information.
Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one are largely produced from distinctive indigenous Ethiopian varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. This is a wet-processed or “washed” coffee, meaning the fruit skin and pulp were removed from the beans immediately after harvesting and before drying. Dou Zhai Coffee is a café and roastery on a quiet lane in Taoyuan City, Taiwan, that offers a wide range of exceptional coffees. Visit www.douzhaicafe.com.tw for more information.
Although Ethiopia is the botanical home of Coffea Arabica, Yemen introduced the beverage to the rest of the world in the 16th and 17th centuries, and Yemen coffee is still grown from ancient heirloom cultivars of arabica on stone-walled terraces ringing fortress-like mountaintop villages. All Yemen coffees are natural-processed, or dried in the whole fruit. This particular Yemen may owe its striking aromatics to ancient tree varieties, but its clean elegance is most likely owing to the efforts of exporter Rayyan Mill in the capital of Sana’a, which has worked with farmers to improve picturesque but often haphazard harvesting and drying procedures. Baba Java is a specialty roaster and cafe retailer located in Hoover Alabama, who strives to provide the best coffee experience at every step. Visit www.babajavacoffee.com or call 205-777-5984 for more information.
This coffee tied for the second-highest rating in a tasting of “classic” espresso blends for Coffee Review’s June 2019 tasting report. A blend of Arabica coffees from Central America, South America and  Indonesia. Boulder, Colorado-based Dragonfly Coffee was named 2019 Micro-Roaster of the Year by Roast magazine. Visit dragonflycoffeeroasters.com or call 303-579-2154 for more information.
This coffee tied for the second-highest rating in a tasting of “classic” espresso blends for Coffee Review’s June 2019 tasting report. A blend of Arabica coffees from Brazil and Robusta coffees from Ecuador. Paradise Roasters specializes in microlot Arabica and Robusta coffees from Asia and other emerging origins. The company prides itself on quality and freshness, craft-roasting coffees in small batches only after orders are placed. Visit www.paradiseroasters.com or call 763-433-0626 for more information. 
This coffee tied for the second-highest rating in a tasting of “classic” espresso blends for Coffee Review’s June 2019 tasting report. Comprised of 50% Burundi Gakenke coffee and 50% coffee from Colombia, both wet-processed. Propeller is a Toronto-based micro-roaster with a dedication to careful selection and exceptional craft roasting of high-end coffees. Visit www.propellercoffee.com or call 416-479-3771 for more information.
This coffee tied for the second-highest rating in a tasting of “classic” espresso blends for Coffee Review’s June 2019 tasting report. A blend of both washed and natural-processed coffees from Central and South America. This coffee is certified organically grown and certified fair trade, the latter meaning it was purchased at no less than a minimum price determined by the certifying agency to be economically sustainable for the farmers. Established in 2010, Red Rooster is an organic-certified micro-roaster focusing on socially conscious coffee, high-quality coffee. Visit redroostercoffee.com or call 540-745-7338 for more information.
Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one are largely produced from distinctive indigenous Ethiopian varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. This is a dry-processed or “natural” version, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit rather than after the fruit has been removed, as is the case with wet-processed or “washed” coffees. Temple Coffee is a quality-focused retail and wholesale specialty roaster active in Sacramento, California since 2005. Committed to sourcing, roasting and brewing the finest coffees, Temple features coffee from distinguished single estates and cooperatives around the world. Visit www.templecoffee.com or call 916-454-1282 for more information.
Produced at Kateshi and Isanya Estates from trees of the Bourbon and Catimor varieties of Arabica and processed by the natural, or sun-dried, method. Paradise Roasters specializes in microlot Arabica and Robusta coffees from Asia and other emerging origins. The company prides itself on quality and freshness, craft-roasting coffees in small batches only after orders are placed. Visit www.paradiseroasters.com or call 763-433-0626 for more information. 
Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one are produced from traditional Ethiopian varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. This is a wet-processed or “washed” coffee, meaning the fruit skin and pulp were removed from the beans immediately after harvesting and before drying. Like virtually all southern Ethiopia coffees, this coffee is produced by villagers on small, garden plots interplanted with food and other subsistence crops. Direct Coffee, founded in 2005, is a roastery located in the scenic city of Hsinchu, Taiwan. For the past 13 years, Direct Coffee has specialized in searching for high-quality coffee beans and roasting them to display their unique and distinctive characteristics. Visit https://www.directcoffee.com.tw/ for more information.
Produced by Miguel Angel Ordonez entirely of the Caturra variety of Arabica and processed by the washed method. JBC Coffee Roasters’ vision is simple: “let the coffee lead the way” through sourcing and roasting the best and most unique coffees available and rewarding the farmers who grow those coffees with substantial premiums. Visit www.jbccoffeeroasters.com or call 608-256-5282 for more information.
Produced by Angel Ortega and Irma Blancos (both members of the San Agustin Cooperative) entirely of the Pink Bourbon variety of Arabica and processed by the wet or washed method. Paradise Roasters specializes in micro-lot Arabica and Robusta coffees from Asia and other emerging origins. The company prides itself on quality and freshness, craft-roasting coffees in small batches only after orders are placed. Visit www.paradiseroasters.com or call 763-433-0626 for more information. 
Produced by Luis Jose Valdes entirely of the Red Bourbon variety of Arabica. This is a dry-processed or “natural” coffee, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit rather than after the fruit has been removed, as is the case with wet-processed or “washed” coffees. Steady State Roasting is an award-winning small-batch roastery dedicated to the craft and care of providing specialty coffee. The company takes pride in sourcing unique, high-quality coffee direct from farmers so that customers can enjoy fine coffee at home or in the Steady State tasting room in downtown Carlsbad, California. Visit www.steadystateroasting.com for more information.
Despite challenges ranging from contested government coffee policy and urban encroachment on prime coffee lands to chronically unstable weather, Kenya continues to produce some of the world’s most elegant and distinctive coffees. Kakalove Café is a nano-roaster located in the small city of Chia-Yi in Taiwan that strives to procure and roast the finest quality coffee. Visit www.kakalovecafe.com.tw or email [email protected] for more information.
Certified organic. Produced by Robert and Dawn Barnes of Kona Rainforest Farm and processed by the natural, or sun-dried, method. Cafe Virtuoso is a small-batch coffee roaster that is ethically invested in procuring, roasting and delivering the highest quality and best-tasting organic coffee in San Diego. Visit www.cafevirtuoso.com or call 619-550-1830 for more information.
Produced by Verónica Lantan Vela de Acajabon at Finca El General from trees of the Typica and Bourbon varieties of Arabica. This is a wet-processed or “washed” coffee, meaning the fruit skin and pulp were removed from the beans immediately after harvesting and before drying. Acatenango is the name of a coffee-growing municipality as well as a famous volcano overlooking the Antigua Valley of Guatemala. Kakalove Café is a nano-roaster located in the small city of Chia-Yi in Taiwan that strives to procure and roast the finest quality coffee. Visit www.kakalovecafe.com.tw or email [email protected] for more information.
This coffee is a collaboration between brothers Michael Johnson of JBC Coffee Roasters and Joseph Brodsky of the Panama producer Ninety Plus Coffee. It was produced entirely from trees of the celebrated Gesha variety of Arabica, and processed by an unconventional, proprietary variation of the wet method in which the whole coffee fruit is subjected to fermentation and washing before drying. JBC Coffee Roasters’ vision is simple: “let the coffee lead the way” through sourcing and roasting the best and most unique coffees available and rewarding the farmers who grow those coffees with substantial premiums. Visit www.jbccoffeeroasters.com or call 608-256-5282 for more information.
This exceptional coffee was selected as the No. 11 coffee on Coffee Review’s list of the Top 30 Coffees of 2019. Produced at La Palma Y El Tucan entirely from trees of the Sidra variety of Arabica, a hybrid of the old and respected varieties Red Bourbon and Typica. This is a dry-processed or “natural” version, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit rather than after the fruit has been removed, as is the case with wet-processed or “washed” coffees. Bird Rock Coffee Roasters is a retailer and wholesaler focused on organic and socially responsible coffees; it was awarded the “2012 Micro-Roaster of the Year” title by Roast Magazine. Visit www.birdrockcoffee.com or call 858-551-1707 for more information.
Suyusama means “beautiful place” in Quechua, the language of the indigenous people of the central Andes. Produced by Padre Joe from trees of the Castillo, Colombia and Caturra varieties of Arabica and processed by the washed method. Bird Rock Coffee Roasters is a retailer and wholesaler focused on organic and socially responsible coffees; it was awarded the “2012 Micro-Roaster of the Year” title by Roast Magazine. Visit www.birdrockcoffee.com or call 858-551-1707 for more information.
This coffee was produced by the ASOPCAFA small producer association, a cooperative founded in 2013. It is a wet-processed, or washed, coffee, meaning that the skin and fruit pulp were removed or “washed” from the beans before they were dried. JBC Coffee Roasters’ vision is simple: “let the coffee lead the way” through sourcing and roasting the best and most unique coffees available and rewarding the farmers who grow those coffees with substantial premiums. Visit www.jbccoffeeroasters.com or call 608-256-5282 for more information.  
Produced by the Kenya Coffee Research Institute at its demonstration Rukera Farm from trees of the SL28, SL34, K7, Ruiru 11 & Batian varieties of Arabica and processed by the wet, or washed, method. JBC Coffee Roasters’ vision is simple: “let the coffee lead the way” through sourcing and roasting the best and most unique coffees available and rewarding the farmers who grow those coffees with substantial premiums. Visit www.jbccoffeeroasters.com or call 608-256-5282 for more information.
Produced by Eliecer Artunduaga entirely from trees of the Pink Bourbon variety of Arabica and processed by the wet, or washed, method. Bird Rock Coffee Roasters is a retailer and wholesaler focused on organic and socially responsible coffees; it was awarded the “2012 Micro-Roaster of the Year” title by Roast Magazine. Visit www.birdrockcoffee.com or call 858-551-1707 for more information.
This coffee tied for the highest rating in a tasting of “classic” espresso blends from Taiwanese roasters for Coffee Review’s June 2019 report. This is a blend of coffees from two different growing regions of Kenya, Kiambu and Nyeri. DoDo Kaffa is a nano-roaster of specialty coffee based in Taipei City, Taiwan since 2009. For more information, visit https://www.facebook.com/dodokaffa/.
This coffee tied for the highest rating in a tasting of “classic” espresso blends from Taiwanese roasters for Coffee Review’s June 2019 report. A blend of washed and natural-processed Ethiopia coffees (Yirgacheffe and Sidamo, respectively) and a washed Guatemala Huehuetenango. Dory Coffee Roasters is a Taipei-based nano-roaster of specialty coffee. For more information, visit https://www.facebook.com/dorycoffee99/.
This coffee tied for the highest rating in a tasting of “classic” espresso blends from Taiwanese roasters for Coffee Review’s June 2019 report. A blend comprised of wash-processed coffees from Tolima, Colombia, Acatenango, Guatemala, and Yirgacheffe, Ethiopia. Kakalove Café is a nano-roaster located in the small city of Chia-Yi in Taiwan that strives to procure and roast the finest quality coffee. Visit www.kakalovecafe.com.tw or email [email protected] for more information.
This coffee earned the second-highest rating in a tasting of “classic” espresso blends from Taiwanese roasters for Coffee Review’s June 2019 report. Comprised of three natural-processed Ethiopia coffees (Yirgacheffe, Gotiti and Shakisso) and a washed Panama Santa Clara Hartmann. De Clieu Coffee is a Taiwan-based roaster whose mission it is to explore extraordinary coffees. For more information, visit https://m.facebook.com/declieucoffeetaipei.
This coffee tied for the highest rating in a tasting of “classic” espresso blends from Taiwanese roasters for Coffee Review’s June 2019 report. A blend comprised of nine different natural-processed coffees (hence the nine-part repetition in the name) from Ethiopia, Panama, Guatemala, and Honduras. Small Eyes Café is a small, family-owned coffee shop in Yilan, Taiwan, specializing in artisanally roasted specialty coffee and homemade desserts. Visit https://www.facebook.com/Smalleyescafe for more information.
Certified organic. Oromia is a coffee region in southern Ethiopia that produces distinctive coffees from traditional varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. This is a “natural” or dry-processed version, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit rather than after the fruit has been removed, as is the case with wet-processed or “washed” coffees. Hambela Estate has produced fine coffee since the 1950’s. It is operated by exporter METAD, which also operates the only privately-owned quality-control laboratory in Ethiopia that carries Specialty Coffee Association of America (SCAA) certification. SkyTop Coffee is a USDA certified-organic specialty coffee roaster based in Manlius, New York. For more information, visit skytopcoffee.com.
Produced by Luca Allegro, Nelson Ribeiro, Fazendas Floresta and Aranquan, and Asociación Biodinámica d'Ibicoara, entirely from trees of the Catuai variety of Arabica and processed by the natural, or dried-in-the-fruit, method. Certified organic. SkyTop Coffee is a USDA certified-organic specialty coffee roaster based in Manlius, New York. For more information, visit skytopcoffee.com.
Produced by Roberto Montero from trees of the Caturra and Catuai varieties of Arabica and processed by the wet, or washed, method. Certified organic. SkyTop Coffee is a USDA certified-organic specialty coffee roaster based in Manlius, New York. For more information, visit skytopcoffee.com.
Processed by a particularly meticulous Kenya variation on the traditional wet or “washed” method, in which skin and fruit flesh are removed from the beans or seeds in two stages before they are dried. AA is the highest grade of Kenya coffee based on bean size and freedom from imperfections. Colläge Coffee is a micro-roastery featuring specialty coffee and house brewed kombucha. Colläge works with local artists to promote fine arts in its region, and loves serving its community. This coffee is available for purchase at the Colläge store and cafe, 221 South Broad Street, Grove City, Pennsylvania.
Produced by Antonio Regalado Diaz at El Huyacan La Palma Farm from trees of the Bourbon, Typica, and Caturra varieties of Arabica and processed by the washed method. Big Shoulders Coffee is a Chicago artisan roaster that emphasizes a fresh-roasted, no-nonsense approach to fine coffee. Visit www.bigshoulderscoffee.com or call 312-888-3042 for more information.
Comprised of coffees from trees of the Caturra, Bourbon and Typica varieties of Arabica and processed by the washed method. JBC Coffee Roasters’ vision is simple: “let the coffee lead the way” through sourcing and roasting the best and most unique coffees available and rewarding the farmers who grow those coffees with substantial premiums. Visit www.jbccoffeeroasters.com or call 608-256-5282 for more information.
Produced by Graciano Cruz of the Typica and Caturra varieties of Arabica and processed by the dry or natural method. Kakalove Café is a nano-roaster located in the small city of Chia-Yi in Taiwan that strives to procure and roast the finest quality coffee. Visit www.kakalovecafe.com.tw or email [email protected] for more information.
Burundi is a small, landlocked country in the Great Lakes region of Central Africa. Most coffee is grown in the mountains of the north, bordering Rwanda. Benefiting from ideal growing conditions and large plantings of local strains of the heirloom Bourbon variety of Arabica, Burundi coffees have developed an excellent and growing reputation. Processed by the dry or “natural” method, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit rather than after the fruit has been removed, as is the case with wet-processed or “washed” coffees. Flight Coffee Co. is a coffee-loving, quality-focused roasting company based in Bedford, New Hampshire.Visit www.flightcoffeeco.com or call 603-836-6228 for more information.
Produced by Verónica Lantan Vela de Acajabon at Finca El General from trees of the Typica and Caturra varieties of Arabica. This is a wet-processed or “washed” coffee, meaning the fruit skin and pulp were removed from the beans immediately after harvesting and before drying. Acatenango is the name of a coffee-growing municipality as well as a famous volcano overlooking the Antigua Valley of Guatemala. Kakalove Café is a nano-roaster located in the small city of Chia-Yi in Taiwan that strives to procure and roast the finest quality coffee. Visit www.kakalovecafe.com.tw or email [email protected] for more information.
This exceptional coffee was selected as the No. 28 coffee on Coffee Review’s list of the Top 30 Coffees of 2019. This coffee also tied for the highest rating in a tasting of “classic” espresso blends for Coffee Review’s June 2019 tasting report. A blend of coffees from Ethiopia, Guatemala, Papua New Guinea, and Sumatra, all conventionally wet-processed except for the Sumatra, which is washed and wet-hulled. Highwire Coffee Roasters is a small-batch coffee roaster located in Emeryville, California. Established in 2011, Highwire pursues the straightforward goal of sharing the coffees it loves with the community. Visit www.highwirecoffee.com or call 510-420-0473 for more information.
This exceptional coffee was selected as the No. 21 coffee on Coffee Review’s list of the Top 30 Coffees of 2019. This coffee also tied for the highest rating in a tasting of “classic” espresso blends for Coffee Review’s June 2019 tasting report. A blend of coffees including a wet-processed Red Bourbon variety of Arabica from the Democratic Republic of the Congo and natural-processed Ethiopia. This coffee is certified organically grown and certified fair trade, the latter meaning it was purchased at no less than a minimum price determined by the certifying agency to be economically sustainable for the farmers. The company name Amavida combines the Spanish words for love and life, reflecting Amavida’s multifaceted commitment to fairness and fine coffee. For further information visit www.amavida.com or call 850-213-1965.
This coffee tied for the highest rating in a tasting of “classic” espresso blends for Coffee Review’s June 2019 tasting report. A single-origin blend of coffees from various Inza smallholder farmers in Colombia and comprised of the Castillo, Caturra and Colombia varieties of Arabica. Visit www.follycoffee.com for more information.
Yirgacheffe is a coffee region in southern Ethiopia that produces distinctive coffees from traditional varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. This is a “natural” or dry-processed version, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit, encouraging a flavor profile that is less predictable and deeper than the more familiar wet-processed floral- and citrus-toned Yirgacheffe profile. Boulder, Colorado-based Dragonfly Coffee was named 2019 Micro-Roaster of the Year by Roast magazine. Visit dragonflycoffeeroasters.com or call 303-579-2154 for more information.
Produced at the Kahinga Factory from trees of the SL28, SL34, Batian and Ruiru 11 varieties of Arabica. Despite challenges ranging from unclear government coffee policy and urban encroachment on prime coffee lands to chronically unstable weather, the famed Kenya coffee auction system and its participating cooperatives continue to produce some of the world’s most elegant and distinctive coffees. Caffè Luxxe is an Italian-inflected artisan roaster and retailer that emphasizes both its coffee knowledge and precision and its straightforward lack of pretension. Visit www.caffeluxxe.com or call 310-394-2222 for more information.
Produced at Kateshi and Isanya Estates from trees of the Bourbon and Catimor varieties of Arabica and processed by the natural, or sun-dried-in-the-fruit, method. Peach Coffee Roasters is an Atlanta, Georgia-based specialty roaster. Visit www.peachcoffeeroasters.com for more information.
Produced by smallholding members of the Ritho Cooperative. Despite challenges ranging from unclear government coffee policy and urban encroachment on prime coffee lands to chronically unstable weather, the famed Kenya coffee auction system and its participating cooperatives continue to produce some of the world’s most elegant and distinctive coffees. Founded in 2015, the Greater Goods mission is to enrich the lives of coffee-drinkers through passion, creativity, innovation and commitment to the consistency of the specialty coffee the company roasts, and through the local causes supported with its proceeds. Visit greatergoodsroasting.com or call 512-858-2680 for more information.
Kauai Coffee, Hawaii’s largest coffee producer, operates a popular visitor center and tasting room on its farm on the south coast of the Hawaiian island of Kauai.  This coffee is a special, small-lot offering consisting entirely of the classic Hawaiian Typica variety, which is hand-picked, processed by the traditional ferment-and-wash method, and sun-dried. Visit www.kauaicoffee.com for more information.
Ecuador hosts the Taza Dorada (“Golden Cup”) green coffee competition annually. This is the second-place winner of the 2018 competition. Produced entirely from trees of the Sidra variety of Arabica, a hybrid of the old and respected varieties Red Bourbon and Typica. This is a dry-processed or “natural” coffee, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit rather than after the fruit has been removed, as is the case with wet-processed or “washed” coffees. 94 Fresh Coffee is a specialty coffee roaster based in Kaohsiung City that specializes in espresso, including training and machine sales. Visit https://www.facebook.com/94freshcoffee/ for more information.
A blend of dried-in-the-fruit, natural-processed coffees from Africa and Asia. Barrington Coffee is an artisan roaster dedicated to elite coffees, fresh delivery and roasting that foregrounds the coffee and not the roast. Visit www.barringtoncoffee.com or call 800-528-0998 for more information.
Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one are largely produced from distinctive indigenous Ethiopian varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. This is a dry-processed or “natural” version, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit rather than after the fruit has been removed, as is the case with wet-processed or “washed” coffees. Small Eyes Café is a small, family-owned coffee shop in Yilan, Taiwan, specializing in artisanally roasted specialty coffee and homemade desserts. Visit https://www.facebook.com/Smalleyescafe for more information.
This coffee was both grown and roasted in Mexico. Produced entirely of the Geisha variety of Arabica. Processed in the whole fruit and fermented in a cold anaerobic environment. Certified by the Smithsonian Institution as “Bird Friendly,” meaning it is grown inside a forest-like canopy of multi-species trees. Located at an elevation of 4,000 feet, Finca Las Nieves is a 1,000-acre coffee farm located in Oaxaca State, Mexico that is completely off the grid — both solar- and hydro-powered. In addition to growing, harvesting, processing and roasting coffee, the farm also offers vacation bungalows for rent on the property. Visit www.fincalasnieves.com.mx or call +52-954-582-0170 for more information.
Produced at Bamboo Estate entirely from trees of the Bourbon variety of Arabica and processed by the washed method. Saint Helena is a remote island between Brazil and Africa with a long tradition of coffee-growing, though current production is fewer than two metric tons per year. Paradise Roasters specializes in microlot Arabica and Robusta coffees from Asia and other emerging origins. The company prides itself on quality and freshness, craft-roasting coffees in small batches only after orders are placed. Visit www.paradiseroasters.com or call 763-433-0626 for more information. 
Produced by Kalsada Coffee from trees of the Bourbon and Typica varieties of Arabica and processed by the natural, or dried-in-the-fruit method. Paradise Roasters specializes in microlot Arabica and Robusta coffees from Asia and other emerging origins. The company prides itself on quality and freshness, craft-roasting coffees in small batches only after orders are placed. Visit www.paradiseroasters.com or call 763-433-0626 for more information. 
Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one are produced from traditional Ethiopian varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. It was processed by the honey method, which means that the outer skin is removed as it is in the wet or “washed” process, but at least some of the sticky fruit residue is allowed to dry on the bean and later removed by machine along with the parchment skin. Pro Aroma Enterprise Coffee Co., Ltd. is a Taiwan-based specialty coffee company. For more information, visit proaroma.weebly.com or email [email protected]
The cup profile of this coffee owes its originality to a complex, overlapping set of influences. First, tree variety: It was produced from distinctive-tasting indigenous varieties grown only in southern Ethiopia. Second, processing method: It is a “natural” or dry-processed coffee, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit, encouraging a flavor profile that is often sweeter and deeper-toned than profiles associated with the more typical wet or “washed” process in which the soft fruit residue is removed before drying. Finally, the beans were exposed to cultured strains of bacteria extracted from the excrement of the civet cat, making this a laboratory version of the famous kopi luwak, the coffee passed through the intestines of a civet cat or luwak. Good Chance Biotechnology., Ltd. is a Taiwan-based specialty coffee company. For more information, visit http://www.magiccat.pro/ or email [email protected]
Ethiopia coffees like this one are largely produced from distinctive indigenous Ethiopian varieties of Arabica long grown in their respective regions. Processed by the wet or washed method, in which skin and fruit flesh are removed from the beans or seeds before they are dried. JBC Coffee Roasters’ vision is simple: “let the coffee lead the way” through sourcing and roasting the best and most unique coffees available and rewarding the farmers who grow those coffees with substantial premiums. Visit www.jbccoffeeroasters.com or call 608-256-5282 for more information.
Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one are largely produced from distinctive indigenous Ethiopian varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. This is a wet-processed or “washed” coffee, meaning the fruit skin and pulp were removed from the beans immediately after harvesting and before drying. Kakalove Café is a nano-roaster located in the small city of Chia-Yi in Taiwan that strives to procure and roast the finest quality coffee. Visit www.kakalovecafe.com.tw or email [email protected] for more information.
Produced by the Barichu Cooperative from trees of the SL28, SL34, Ruiru 11 and Batian varieties of Arabica. This coffee is available exclusively as a part of the Barrington Coffee Curated Collection, which includes four ounces each of three distinguished coffees for $39.95. Barrington Coffee is an artisan roaster dedicated to elite coffees, fresh delivery and roasting that foregrounds the coffee and not the roast. Visit www.barringtoncoffee.com or call 800-528-0998 for more information.
A blend of natural-processed Zambia (a rare and reviving origin) and washed-processed Colombia coffees. Peach Coffee Roasters is an Atlanta, Georgia-based specialty roaster. Visit www.peachcoffeeroasters.com for more information.
Certified organic. Produced by the Timuza Coffee Cooperative, which is comprised of small-holding farmers of the Kamano tribal group. Magnolia Coffee is a Charlotte, North Carolina-based specialty roaster whose motto is “Craft roasted. Truly delicious. Socially conscious.” Magnolia particularly emphasizes community engagement through its Local Beans for Local Good programs.Visit www.magnoliacoffeeco.com or call 704-651-7726 for more information.
This exceptional coffee was selected as the No. 2 coffee on Coffee Review’s list of the Top 30 Coffees of 2019. Produced by the Kenya Coffee Research Institute at its demonstration Rukera Farm from trees of the SL28, SL34, K7, Ruiru 11 & Batian varieties of Arabica and processed by the wet, or washed, method. JBC Coffee Roasters’ vision is simple: “let the coffee lead the way” through sourcing and roasting the best and most unique coffees available and rewarding the farmers who grow those coffees with substantial premiums. Visit www.jbccoffeeroasters.com or call 608-256-5282 for more information.
A blend of washed and wet-hulled coffees from Africa, Asia and the Americas. Barrington Coffee is an artisan roaster dedicated to elite coffees, fresh delivery and roasting that foregrounds the coffee and not the roast. Visit www.barringtoncoffee.com or call 800-528-0998 for more information.
Despite challenges ranging from unclear government coffee policy and urban encroachment on prime coffee lands to chronically unstable weather, the famed Kenya coffee auction system and its participating cooperatives continue to produce some of the world’s most elegant and distinctive coffees.  Kakalove Café is a nano-roaster located in the small city of Chia-Yi in Taiwan that strives to procure and roast the finest quality coffee. Visit www.kakalovecafe.com.tw or email [email protected] for more information.
Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one are largely produced from distinctive indigenous Ethiopian varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. This is a dry-processed or “natural” version, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit rather than after the fruit has been removed, as is the case with wet-processed or “washed” coffees. Kakalove Café is a nano-roaster located in the small city of Chia-Yi in Taiwan that strives to procure and roast the finest quality coffee. Visit www.kakalovecafe.com.tw or email [email protected] for more information.
Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one are largely produced from distinctive indigenous Ethiopian varieties of Arabica long grown in their respective regions. Processed by the wet or washed method, in which skin and fruit flesh are removed from the beans or seeds before they are dried. Kakalove Café is a nano-roaster located in the small city of Chia-Yi in Taiwan that strives to procure and roast the finest quality coffee. Visit www.kakalovecafe.com.tw or email [email protected] for more information.
This coffee earned the second-highest rating in a tasting of El Salvador coffees for Coffee Review’s August 2019 tasting report. Produced by Lucia Ortiz at Finca Las Mercedes from trees of the celebrated SL28 variety of Arabica, a Bourbon-related variety associated with Kenya’s finest coffees. A washed-process coffee, meaning the soft fruit residue was removed from the beans before drying. Roasted at PT’s Coffee, where the motto is “without the love, it’s just coffee.” Visit www.ptscoffee.com or call 888-678-JAVA for more information.
This coffee earned the highest rating in a tasting of El Salvador coffees for Coffee Review’s August 2019 tasting report. Produced by distinguished coffee grower and leader Gilberto Baraona on his farm Los Pirineos from trees of the heirloom Bourbon variety. A washed-process coffee, meaning the soft fruit residue was removed from the beans before drying. Plat Coffee is a specialty roaster and café in Hong Kong. For more information, visit www.platcoffee.com.
This coffee tied for the third-highest rating in a tasting of El Salvador coffees for Coffee Review’s August 2019 tasting report. Produced from trees of the bold-bean Pacamara and respected Catuai varieties of Arabica and processed by the traditional ferment-and-wash method by José Alfonso Rodriguez. JBC Coffee Roasters’ vision is simple: “let the coffee lead the way” through sourcing and roasting the best and most unique coffees available and rewarding the farmers who grow those coffees with substantial premiums. Visit www.jbccoffeeroasters.com or call 608-256-5282 for more information.
This coffee tied for the third-highest rating in a tasting of El Salvador coffees for Coffee Review’s August 2019 tasting report. Produced from trees of the heirloom Bourbon and related varieties and processed by the natural or dried-in-the-whole-fruit method by celebrated producer Aida Batlle at her Finca Kilimanjaro. Willoughby’s Coffee & Tea is a pioneer specialty coffee roaster established in the early 1980s that has gracefully and successfully moved with the  times and now offers a menu of extremely refined small-lot, single-origin coffees. Visit www.willoughbyscoffee.com or call 800-388-8400 for more information.
This coffee tied for the third-highest rating in a tasting of El Salvador coffees for Coffee Review’s August 2019 tasting report. Produced from trees of the celebrated Geisha (also spelled Gesha) variety of Arabica. Processed by the honey method, which means that the outer skin is removed as it is in the wet or “washed” process, but at least some of the sticky fruit residue is allowed to dry on the bean. Dinwei Café is a café and micro-roaster specializing in fine coffee and fresh bakery goods. Visit www.facebook.com/dinweicoffee/ for more information.
This coffee tied for the fourth-highest rating in a tasting of El Salvador coffees for Coffee Review’s August 2019 tasting report. Produced from trees of the much admired, bold-bean Pacamara variety of Arabica, a cross between the giant-beaned Maragogipe variety and Pacas, a selection of the heirloom Bourbon, by Mario Ulises Aguilar at his farm Las Piedritas. Processed by the washed or wet method, meaning the soft fruit residue was removed from the beans before drying. A prize winner in the 2019 Chalatenango Best Cup competition organized by importer Cafe Imports designed to promote quality practices among local producers. Deeper Roots is a wholesale roasting company founded in 2012 and focused on quality and sustainability. Visit www.deeperrootscoffee.com for further information.
 This coffee tied for the fourth-highest rating in a tasting of El Salvador coffees for Coffee Review’s August 2019 tasting report. Produced from trees of the much admired, bold-bean Pacamara variety of Arabica, a cross between the giant-beaned Maragogipe variety and Pacas, a selection of the heirloom Bourbon, by José Flores at his farm El Trompillo. Processed by the natural method, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit rather than after the fruit has been removed, as is the case with wet-processed or “washed” coffees. A prize winner in the 2019 Chalatenango Best Cup competition organized by importer Cafe Imports designed to promote quality practices among local producers. Duluth Coffee is a cafe and wholesale specialty roaster founded in 2012 in downtown Duluth, Minnesota by Eric Faust. Visit www.duluthcoffeecompany.com for further information.
94 Fresh Coffee is a specialty coffee roaster based in Kaohsiung City that specializes in espresso, including training and machine sales. Visit https://www.facebook.com/94freshcoffee/ for more information.
Produced by Ato Esmael and his friends and family at their estate farm in the Guji Zone of southern Ethiopia. Produced from distinctive traditional varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. This is a dry-processed or “natural” version, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit rather than after the fruit has been removed, as is the case with wet-processed or “washed” coffees. Founded in 1990, Lexington Coffee is an award-winning artisan roasting company based in Virginia. Lexington’s focus on fresh, flavorful and sustainable coffee is reflected in its motto, “Fresh, Flavorful & Fair.” Visit www.lexingtoncoffee.com or call 800-322-6505 for more information.
Yirgacheffe is a coffee region in southern Ethiopia that produces distinctive coffees from traditional varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. This is a “natural” or dry-processed version, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit, encouraging a flavor profile that is less predictable and deeper than the more familiar wet-processed floral- and citrus-toned Yirgacheffe profile. Kakalove Café is a nano-roaster located in the small city of Chia-Yi in Taiwan that strives to procure and roast the finest quality coffee. Visit www.kakalovecafe.com.tw or email [email protected] for more information.
Produced at Guayabales farm by Pedro Villatoro Castillo from trees of the Bourbon and Caturra varieties of Arabica and processed by the wet or washed method. Temple Coffee is a quality-focused retail and wholesale specialty roaster active in Sacramento, California since 2005. Committed to sourcing, roasting and brewing the finest coffees, Temple features coffee from distinguished single estates and cooperatives around the world. Visit templecoffee.com or call 916-454-1282 for more information.
This coffee was produced by the Harries family on the Chania Estate from trees of the heirloom “French Missionary” Bourbon, SL34, K7, Batian, and Ruiru 11 varieties of Arabica and processed by the wet or washed method. Temple Coffee is a quality-focused retail and wholesale specialty roaster active in Sacramento, California since 2005. Committed to sourcing, roasting and brewing the finest coffees, Temple features coffee from distinguished single estates and cooperatives around the world. Visit templecoffee.com or call 916-454-1282 for more information.
Produced at Los Santos Farm entirely from trees of the admired Bourbon variety of Arabica and processed by the washed method. Temple Coffee is a quality-focused retail and wholesale specialty roaster active in Sacramento, California since 2005. Committed to sourcing, roasting and brewing the finest coffees, Temple features coffee from distinguished single estates and cooperatives around the world. Visit templecoffee.com or call 916-454-1282 for more information.
The celebrated Geisha (also spelled Gesha) variety of Arabica first came to the coffee world’s attention in Panama. This particular version, however, is the outcome of efforts to commercialize Gesha in the region from which it originally came. It was grown in western Ethiopia by farmers Adam and Rachel Overton and their indigenous Meanit culture collaborators from seed selected from wild trees of the Geisha variety in the nearby Gori Gesha forest. The Overtons auction their best lots every year; this lot was #11 in the 2019 auction. It is a wet-processed or washed version, in which the skin and pulp of the fruit is removed before the coffee is dried, resulting here in a particularly bright, high-toned up. JBC Coffee Roasters’ vision is simple: “let the coffee lead the way” through sourcing and roasting the best and most unique coffees available and rewarding the farmers who grow those coffees with substantial premiums. Visit www.jbccoffeeroasters.com or call 608-256-5282 for more information.
This exceptional coffee was selected as the No. 20 coffee on Coffee Review’s list of the Top 30 Coffees of 2019. This coffee also tied for the second-highest rating in a cupping of coffees of the Geisha/Gesha variety of Arabica for Coffee Review’s September 2019 tasting report. Produced from trees of the rare Ethiopia-derived botanical variety Geisha (also spelled Gesha) at the Kalithea Estate. With its generally elongated beans and distinctive floral and crisp, often chocolaty cup, the Geisha/Gesha variety continues to distinguish itself as one of the world’s most unique coffees. This is a “natural” or dry-processed version, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit, encouraging a flavor profile that is sweeter and deeper-toned than the more familiar wet-processed profile. Kakalove Café is a nano-roaster located in the small city of Chia-Yi in Taiwan that strives to procure and roast the finest quality coffee. Visit www.kakalovecafe.com.tw or email [email protected] for more information.
This coffee earned the third-highest rating in a cupping of coffees of the Geisha/Gesha variety of Arabica for Coffee Review’s September 2019 tasting report. Coffee from trees of the botanical variety Geisha (also Gesha) grown on Hacienda La Esmeralda in Panama first introduced this extraordinary variety of Arabica to the world. With its bold, boat-shaped beans and distinctive floral and crisply cocoa-toned cup, the Geisha/Gesha continues to be one of the world’s most celebrated and sought-after coffee varieties, and the Esmeralda versions remain among the most authentic. This is a wet-processed or “washed” version, meaning the fruit skin and pulp were removed from the beans immediately after harvesting but before drying. Dragonfly Coffee is a Boulder, Colorado-based micro-roaster that produces high-quality coffees and supports worthy causes. Visit www.dragonflycoffeeroasters.com or call 303-579-2154 for more information.
This coffee tied for the fourth-highest rating in a cupping of coffees of the Geisha/Gesha variety of Arabica for Coffee Review’s September 2019 tasting report. Produced by Agricolo Geisha. With its elongated beans and distinctive floral- and cocoa-toned cup, the Geisha (also Gesha) variety continues to produce some of the world’s most striking coffees. This is a wet-processed or “washed” version, meaning the fruit skin and pulp were removed from the beans immediately after harvesting but before drying. Caffè Luxxe is an Italian-inflected artisan roaster and retailer that emphasizes both its coffee knowledge and precision and its straightforward lack of pretension. Visit www.caffeluxxe.com or call 310-394-2222 for more information.
This coffee tied for the fourth-highest rating in a cupping of coffees of the Geisha/Gesha variety of Arabica for Coffee Review’s September 2019 tasting report. Produced at Laderas del Tapias Estate entirely of the Geisha variety of Arabica. This is a dry-processed or “natural” version, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit rather than after the soft fruit residue has been removed, as is the case with wet-processed or “washed” coffees. CafeTaster is a Taiwan-based specialty roaster and certified SCA training facility. For more information, visit www.facebook.com/cafetaster or email roaster Jerry Huang at [email protected]
This coffee tied for the fourth-highest rating in a cupping of coffees of the Geisha/Gesha variety of Arabica for Coffee Review’s September 2019 tasting report. The celebrated Geisha (also spelled Gesha) variety of Arabica first came to the coffee world’s attention growing in Panama. This particular version, however, is the outcome of efforts to commercialize Geisha in the region from which it originally came. It was grown in western Ethiopia by farmers Adam and Rachel Overton and their indigenous Meanit culture collaborators from seed selected from wild trees of the Geisha variety in the nearby Gori Gesha forest. This is a “natural” or dry-processed version, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit, encouraging a flavor profile that is sweeter and deeper-toned than typical wet-processed profiles. GK Coffee provides quality specialty coffee to consumers and retailers. For more information, visit www.gkcoffee.com.tw or email [email protected]
This coffee tied for the fourth-highest rating in a cupping of coffees of the Geisha/Gesha variety of Arabica for Coffee Review’s September 2019 tasting report. The celebrated Geisha (also spelled Gesha) variety of Arabica first came to the coffee world’s attention growing in Panama. This particular version, however, is the outcome of efforts to commercialize Geisha in the region from which it originally came. It was grown in western Ethiopia by farmers Adam and Rachel Overton and their indigenous Meanit culture collaborators from seed selected from wild trees of the Geisha variety in the nearby Gori Gesha forest. It is a wet-processed or washed coffee, in which the skin and pulp of the fruit is removed before the coffee is dried, encouraging here a particularly floral cup. Mudhouse Coffee Roasters, Roast Magazine’s 2017 Micro-Roaster of the Year, is a small, quality-focused roaster in Charlottesville, Virginia that specializes in “super-specialty” coffees, including Geshas. Visit www.mudhouse.com for more information.
Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one are largely produced from distinctive indigenous Ethiopian varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. Like most southern Ethiopia coffees, this coffee is produced by villagers on small garden plots interplanted with food and other subsistence crops. Processed by the wet or washed method (fruit skin and pulp are removed before drying).Temple Coffee is a quality-focused retail and wholesale specialty roaster active in Sacramento, California since 2005. Committed to sourcing, roasting and brewing the finest coffees, Temple features coffee from distinguished single estates and cooperatives around the world. Visit www.templecoffee.com or call 916-454-1282 for more information.
A blend of wash-processed coffees from Central America. HWC Roasters is a specialty coffee roaster based in Taichung, Taiwan. For more information, visit www.hwcroasters.com.
Coffees from the Yirgacheffe region are produced from distinctive, largely indigenous Ethiopian varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. Like most southern Ethiopia coffees, this coffee is produced by villagers on small garden plots interplanted with food and other subsistence crops. Processed by the wet or washed method (fruit skin and pulp are removed before drying). JBC Coffee Roasters’ vision is simple: “let the coffee lead the way” through sourcing and roasting the best and most unique coffees available and rewarding the farmers who grow those coffees with substantial premiums. Visit www.jbccoffeeroasters.com or call 608-256-5282 for more information.
Coffees from the Yirgacheffe region are produced from distinctive, largely indigenous Ethiopian varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. Like most southern Ethiopia coffees, this coffee is produced by villagers on small garden plots interplanted with food and other subsistence crops. Processed by the wet or washed method (fruit skin and pulp are removed before drying). JBC Coffee Roasters’ vision is simple: “let the coffee lead the way” through sourcing and roasting the best and most unique coffees available and rewarding the farmers who grow those coffees with substantial premiums. Visit www.jbccoffeeroasters.com or call 608-256-5282 for more information.
This is a blend of wet-processed Ethiopia Sidamo and washed and wet-hulled Sumatra Mandheling. Founded in 1993, Dante Coffee now has 120 coffee shops shops in Taiwan, 20 in Indonesia, five in Kuwait, and one in Saudi Arabia. The company aims to provide customers with the highest-quality coffee and meals at affordable prices. Visit http://www.dante.com.tw for more information.
Produced at Finca San Sebastian mainly from the respected Catuai variety of Arabica and processed by the wet, or washed, method. Jackrabbit Java selects the finest coffees from around the world and roasts them in Thermopolis, Wyoming’s mountain air. All Jackrabbit Java coffees are specialty-grade and roasted to order. Visit www.jackrabbitjava.com for more information.
This exceptional coffee was selected as the No. 29 coffee on Coffee Review’s list of the Top 30 Coffees of 2019. Produced from trees of local strains of the heirloom Bourbon variety of Arabica. Epiphanie Mukashyaka established the now famous Bufcafe washing station or wet mill following the Rwandan genocide. Processed by a Rwandan version of the wet or “washed” method, in which skin and fruit flesh are removed from the beans or seeds before they are dried. Jackrabbit Java selects the finest coffees from around the world and roasts them in Thermopolis, Wyoming’s mountain air. All Jackrabbit Java coffees are specialty-grade and roasted to order. Visit www.jackrabbitjava.com for more information.
Produced by the Kahuhia farmers' co-operative society and processed at the Kahuhia wet mill. Despite grower discontent and urban encroachment on prime coffee lands, Kenya continues to produce some of the world’s most elegant and distinctive coffees. JBC Coffee Roasters’ vision is simple: “let the coffee lead the way” through sourcing and roasting the best and most unique coffees available and rewarding the farmers who grow those coffees with substantial premiums. Visit www.jbccoffeeroasters.com or call 608-256-5282 for more information.
Produced by the Kahuhia farmers' co-operative society and processed at the Kahuhia wet mill. Despite grower discontent and urban encroachment on prime coffee lands, Kenya continues to produce some of the world’s most elegant and distinctive coffees. JBC Coffee Roasters’ vision is simple: “let the coffee lead the way” through sourcing and roasting the best and most unique coffees available and rewarding the farmers who grow those coffees with substantial premiums. Visit www.jbccoffeeroasters.com or call 608-256-5282 for more information.
This coffee comes from the world’s largest private collection of rare coffee trees, Gonzalo Hernandez’s Coffea Diversa, Costa Rica. Cioiccie is a rare variety first collected in Jimma, Ethiopia in the 1950s. It differs in cup profile from many other celebrated Ethiopia varieties. This version was processed by the wet or “washed” method, in which skin and fruit flesh are removed from the beans or seeds before they are dried. Paradise Roasters specializes in microlot Arabica and Robusta coffees from Asia and other emerging origins. The company prides itself on quality and freshness, craft-roasting coffees in small batches only after orders are placed. Visit www.paradiseroasters.com or call 763-433-0626 for more information. 
Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one are produced from traditional Ethiopian varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. This is a “natural” or dry-processed version processed at the Alemayehu Tilahun washing station. Like virtually all southern Ethiopia coffees, this coffee is produced by villagers on small, garden plots interplanted with food and other subsistence crops. MJ Bear is a small roaster based in New Taipei City, Taiwan. Visit https://www.mjbearcoffee.store for more information.
This coffee tied for the fourth-highest rating in a cupping of coffees submitted by North American roasters in business for two or fewer years for Coffee Review’s October 2019 tasting report. Produced by Luis Wicho Valdés of Finca San Lorenzo of the Bourbon, Caturra, Catuai, Sarchimor and Obata varieties of Arabica and processed by the traditional wet or washed method (fruit skin and pulp are removed before drying). Foggy Hills Coffee was founded in 2018 in Kensington, California. Roasting is currently performed at Bay Area Co-Roasting in Berkeley, California. Visit  foggyhillscoffee.com for more information.
This coffee tied for the fourth-highest rating in a cupping of coffees submitted by North American roasters in business for two or fewer years for Coffee Review’s October 2019 tasting report. Certified organic. Produced by Braulio Barazorda Borda and Valentin Champi Paullo of the Huadquiña Cooperative entirely of the Typica variety of Arabica and processed by the traditional wet or washed method (fruit skin and pulp are removed before drying). SkyTop Coffee is a USDA certified-organic specialty coffee roaster based in Manlius, New York For more information, visit skytopcoffee.com.
This coffee tied for the second-highest rating in a cupping of coffees submitted by North American roasters in business for two or fewer years for Coffee Review’s October 2019 tasting report. Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one are largely produced from distinctive indigenous varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. This is a dry-processed or “natural” version, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit rather than after the fruit has been removed, as is the case with wet-processed or “washed” coffees. Coffeebar is a radically inclusive Italian café experience based in Truckee, California with locations in Menlo Park, Squaw Valley and Redwood City, as well as a roastery in Reno, Nevada. While it was founded in 2010, Coffeebar only began roasting in-house in 2018. Visit www.coffeebar.com for more information.
This coffee tied for the second-highest rating in a cupping of coffees submitted by North American roasters in business for two or fewer years for Coffee Review’s October 2019 tasting report. Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one are largely produced from distinctive indigenous Ethiopian varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. Processed by the wet or washed method (fruit skin and pulp are removed before drying). Based on the notion that fantastic coffee isn’t only for hipsters, Tim Taylor founded Pedestrian Coffee in 2018. Visit www.drinkpedestrian.com for more information.
This coffee earned the highest rating in a cupping of coffees submitted by North American roasters in business for two or fewer years for Coffee Review’s October 2019 tasting report. Processed by the meticulous Kenya variation on the traditional wet or “washed” method, in which skin and fruit flesh are removed from the beans or seeds before they are dried. Visit www.stereocoffeeroasters.com or email [email protected] for more information.
A blend of wash-processed coffees from Brazil and Guatemala. Tehmag Food Corporation is a Taipei City-based specialty food and beverage company with eight branches in Taiwan and additional outposts in China, Malaysia and Hong Kong. Visit www.tehmag.com.tw for more information.
Produced by Renardo Ovalle Vides of the San Ramon, Bourbon and Caturra varieties of Arabica and processed by the wet or washed method (fruit skin and pulp are removed before drying). Coava is a Portland-based coffee roaster, now with a San Diego location as well, that aims to provide quality coffee and education regarding the preparation of good coffee. Visit www.coavacoffee.com or call 503-894-8134 for more information.
Sold as part of a “Dynamic Duo Gesha Village” set that includes a 4-ounce tin of this “natural” Geisha and a 4-ounce tin of a “washed” version of the same coffee that earned 94-points in August 2019. The celebrated Geisha (also spelled Gesha) variety of Arabica first came to the coffee world’s attention growing in Panama. This particular version, however, is the outcome of efforts to commercialize Geisha in the region from which it originally came. It was grown in western Ethiopia by farmers Adam and Rachel Overton and their indigenous Meanit culture collaborators from seed selected from wild trees of the Geisha variety in the nearby Gori Gesha forest. This is a “natural” or dry-processed version, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit, encouraging a flavor profile that is sweeter and deeper-toned than typical wet-processed profiles. JBC Coffee Roasters’ vision is simple: “let the coffee lead the way” through sourcing and roasting the best and most unique coffees available and rewarding the farmers who grow those coffees with substantial premiums. Visit www.jbccoffeeroasters.com or call 608-256-5282 for more information.
Coffees from the Yirgacheffe region are produced from distinctive, largely indigenous Ethiopian varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. Like most southern Ethiopia coffees, this coffee is produced by villagers on small garden plots interplanted with food and other subsistence crops. This is a “natural” or dry-processed version, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit, encouraging a flavor profile that is sweeter and deeper-toned than the more familiar wet-processed profile. Kakalove Café is a nano-roaster located in the small city of Chia-Yi in Taiwan that strives to procure and roast the finest quality coffee. Visit www.kakalovecafe.com.tw or email [email protected] for more information.
Produced at Finca El General entirely of the Pache variety of Arabica and processed by the wet or washed method (fruit skin and pulp are removed before drying). Kakalove Café is a nano-roaster located in the small city of Chia-Yi in Taiwan that strives to procure and roast the finest quality coffee. Visit www.kakalovecafe.com.tw or email [email protected] for more information.
Produced at Finca El General entirely of the Pache variety of Arabica and processed by the wet or washed method (fruit skin and pulp are removed before drying). Kakalove Café is a nano-roaster located in the small city of Chia-Yi in Taiwan that strives to procure and roast the finest quality coffee. Visit www.kakalovecafe.com.tw or email [email protected] for more information.
A blend of coffees produced by Finca El General in Acatenango, Guatemala and processed by the wet or washed method (fruit skin and pulp are removed before drying). Kakalove Café is a nano-roaster located in the small city of Chia-Yi in Taiwan that strives to procure and roast the finest quality coffee. Visit www.kakalovecafe.com.tw or email [email protected] for more information.
Produced at Potosí Farm by Luis and Rigoberto Herrera entirely from the San Juan variety of Arabica. This is a dry-processed or “natural” coffee, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit rather than after the fruit has been removed, as is the case with wet-processed or “washed” coffees. Located in southwestern Colorado, Durango Coffee lays claim to a rich coffee history that dates to 1986. Its motto is “Tough Town, Great Coffee.” Visit www.durangocoffee.com or call 800-748-2275 for more information.
While most coffees from this region are processed by wet-hulling, this coffee was double-washed in the style of many Kenya coffees. In addition to his retail roasting operation, Aroma Roast Coffees, Simon Hsieh also operates Soaring Phoenix Trading, a business focused on purpose-built commercial espresso blends and high quality single-origin coffees. Customers can also visit the new showroom, Chateau Andy, in Taipei City. Visit www.facebook.com/4ArtsZeroDefectCoffees or call 886-0983-749876 for more information.
Ethiopia coffees like this one are largely produced from distinctive indigenous Ethiopian varieties of Arabica long grown in their respective regions. Most likely this coffee was produced by villagers on small garden plots interplanted with food and other subsistence crops. This is a wet-processed or “washed” coffee, meaning the fruit skin and pulp were removed from the beans immediately after harvesting and before drying. Branch Street Coffee Roasters is a small-batch specialty coffee roaster in Youngstown, Ohio.  Visit www.branchstreetcoffee.com for more information. 
This exceptional coffee was selected as the No. 15 coffee on Coffee Review’s list of the Top 30 Coffees of 2019. This coffee also tied for the second-highest rating in a cupping of coffees of the Geisha/Gesha variety of Arabica for Coffee Review’s September 2019 tasting report. Produced by Rigoberto Herrera of Granja La Esperanza entirely of the Geisha variety of Arabica. Processed by an innovative method in which an extended, controlled fermentation of the whole fruit is followed by dehydration in de-humidifiers, then drying on raised, African-style beds. Bird Rock Coffee Roasters is a retailer and wholesaler focused on organic and socially responsible coffees; it was awarded the “2012 Micro-Roaster of the Year” title by Roast Magazine. Visit www.birdrockcoffee.com or call 858-551-1707 for more information.
This exceptional coffee was selected as the No. 17 coffee on Coffee Review’s list of the Top 30 Coffees of 2019. This coffee also tied for the second-highest rating in a cupping of coffees of the Geisha/Gesha variety of Arabica for Coffee Review’s September 2019 tasting report.  Produced from trees of the rare Ethiopia-derived botanical variety Geisha (also spelled Gesha) by Orlando and Maria Ospina of Finca La Maria farm. With its generally elongated beans and distinctive floral and crisp, often chocolaty cup, the Geisha/Gesha variety continues to distinguish itself as one of the world’s most unique coffees. This is a “natural” or dry-processed version, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit, encouraging a flavor profile that is sweeter and deeper-toned than the more familiar wet-processed profiles of Colombia. Klatch Coffee is an award-winning small-batch roasting company in the Los Angeles area whose resident barista and trainer, Heather Perry, won both the 2003 and 2007 United States Barista Championships brewing a Klatch Coffee espresso blend. Visit www.klatchroasting.com or call 877-455-2824 for more information.
This exceptional coffee was selected as the No. 19 coffee on Coffee Review’s list of the Top 30 Coffees of 2019. This coffee tied for second-highest rating in a cupping of coffees produced using reduced oxygen (“anaerobic”) processing methods for Coffee Review’s November 2019 tasting report. Anaerobic processing in this case means that producer Luis Eduardo Campos fermented this coffee, after pulping or skinning, in a sealed, limited-oxygen stainless steel tank to encourage production of lactic acids that contribute to this sample’s very original cup profile. This coffee was imported by Genuine Origin, a specialty-focused coffee importer based in Irvington, New York. Collage Coffee is a micro-roastery featuring specialty coffee and house brewed kombucha. Colläge works with local artists to promote fine arts in its region, and loves serving its community. This coffee is available for purchase at the Collage store and cafe, 221 South Broad Street, Grove City, Pennsylvania.
This coffee tied for second-highest rating in a cupping of coffees produced using reduced oxygen (“anaerobic”) processing methods for Coffee Review’s November 2019 tasting report. Anaerobic processing in this case means this Ethiopia coffee was fermented twice in a sealed oxygen-evacuated tank, first in the whole fruit for two days, then after removal of skin and fruit pulp for two more days. Dory Coffee Roasters is a Taipei-based nano-roaster of specialty coffee. For more information, visit https://www.facebook.com/dorycoffee99/.
This coffee tied for second-highest rating in a cupping of coffees produced using reduced oxygen (“anaerobic”) processing methods for Coffee Review’s November 2019 tasting report. Anaerobic processing, in this case, means that producer Luis Eduardo Campos fermented this coffee, after pulping or skinning, in a sealed, limited-oxygen stainless steel tank to encourage production of lactic acids that contribute to this sample’s very original cup profile. Husband and wife team Samantha and Weston Nawrocki founded Manzanita Roasting on their family’s 127-year-old winery in San Diego. Committed to quality direct-trade sourcing and skillful roasting, they are happy to be a part of what they call San Diego’s new “coffee frontier.” Manzanita offers free shipping on online orders $45 and over. Visit www.manzanitaroasting.com for more information.
This coffee tied for third-highest rating in a cupping of coffees produced using reduced oxygen (“Anaerobic”) processing methods for Coffee Review’s November 2019 tasting report. Anaerobic processing in this case means this coffee went through “double” or two-stage fermentation in a sealed oxygen-evacuated tank, first in the whole fruit for two days, then after removal of skin and fruit pulp, for two more days. Produced from the celebrated Geisha (also spelled Gesha) variety of Arabica. Lucky Café is a roaster located in the northern Taiwan city of Zhongli committed to developing the best possibilities of the finest coffees available. Visit https://www.facebook.com/lucky.cafe.studio/ or email [email protected] for more information.
This coffee tied for third-highest rating in a cupping of coffees produced using reduced oxygen (“Anaerobic”) processing methods for Coffee Review’s November 2019 tasting report. Anaerobic processing in this case means the coffee, in its whole fruit, was sealed inside limited-oxygen tanks to encourage production of lactic acids that contribute to this sample’s very original cup profile. This coffee won the 2019 Taste of Harvest green coffee competition sponsored by the African Fine Coffee Association. Small Eyes Café is a small, family-owned coffee shop in Yilan, Taiwan, specializing in artisanally roasted specialty coffee and homemade desserts. Visit https://www.facebook.com/Smalleyescafe for more information.
Processed by a variation on the traditional washed process (fruit removed from the beans before drying) that adds no water to the tank during fermentation, hence a “dry” ferment. Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one are largely produced from distinctive indigenous varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. Coffeebar is a radically inclusive Italian café experience based in Truckee, California with locations in Menlo Park, Squaw Valley and Redwood City, as well as a roastery in Reno, Nevada. While it was founded in 2010, Coffeebar only began roasting in-house in 2018. Visit https://www.coffeebar.com/ for more information.
Produced by Rodrigo Sanchez Valencia at Finca Monteblanco entirely of the celebrated Gesha (also spelled Geisha) variety of Arabica and processed by a cold fermentation method. High-sugar ripe coffee fruit is fermented in refrigerated tanks for three days before drying. Old Soul is a roastery, bakery and crafter of artisanal goods dedicated to quality in every form. Visit www.oldsoulco.com or call 916-443-7685 for more information.
This Costa Rica was processed by a refined variation on the honey method (coffee fruit is pulped or skinned but dried in the fruit flesh or mucilage). 94 Fresh Coffee is a specialty coffee roaster based in Kaohsiung City that specializes in espresso, including training and machine sales. Visit https://94freshcoffee718.shoplineapp.com for more information.
A blend of washed-process coffees from Central America, South America and Africa roasted for espresso applications. Hsus Cafe, founded in 2014, is a specialty coffee roaster based in Taoyuan, Taiwan, owned and operated by the chief roaster, Chia-Ming Hsu, a Licensed Q-grader. Visit https://www.facebook.com/hsuscafe/ for more information.
Produced by farmer Boyce Harries entirely from trees of the French Mission Bourbon variety of Arabica. This is a wet-processed or “washed” coffee, meaning the fruit skin and pulp were removed from the beans immediately after harvesting and before drying. Founded in 1990, Lexington Coffee is an award-winning artisan roasting company based in Virginia. Lexington’s focus on fresh, flavorful and sustainable coffee is reflected in its motto, “Fresh, Flavorful & Fair.” Visit www.lexingtoncoffee.com or call 800-322-6505 for more information.
Despite grower discontent and urban encroachment on prime coffee lands, Kenya continues to produce some of the world’s most elegant and distinctive coffees.  Temple Coffee is a quality-focused retail and wholesale specialty roaster active in Sacramento, California since 2005. Committed to sourcing, roasting and brewing the finest coffees, Temple features coffee from distinguished single estates and cooperatives around the world. Visit www.templecoffee.com or call 916-454-1282 for more information.
Despite grower discontent and urban encroachment on prime coffee lands, Kenya continues to produce some of the world’s most elegant and distinctive coffees. Green Stone Coffee is a woman-owned artisan roastery in Taipei, Taiwan founded in 2016 and specializing in sourcing distinctive coffees that express their individual terroirs. Visit www.greenstone-coffee.com.tw/en/info.html for more information.
This exceptional coffee was selected as the No. 18 coffee on Coffee Review’s list of the Top 30 Coffees of 2019. Produced in Jamaica from Bourbon Rey, a rare tree variety preserved and propagated by Gonzalo Hernandez on his innovative Coffea Diversa Farm in Costa Rica. Processed by the wet or washed method (fruit skin and pulp are removed before drying). Paradise Roasters specializes in microlot Arabica and Robusta coffees from Asia and other emerging origins. The company prides itself on quality and freshness, craft-roasting coffees in small batches only after orders are placed. Visit www.paradiseroasters.com or call 763-433-0626 for more information.
Produced in Guatemala from Bourbon Rey, a rare tree variety preserved and propagated by Gonzalo Hernandez on his innovative Coffea Diversa Farm in Costa Rica. Processed by the wet or washed method (fruit skin and pulp are removed before drying). Paradise Roasters specializes in microlot Arabica and Robusta coffees from Asia and other emerging origins. The company prides itself on quality and freshness, craft-roasting coffees in small batches only after orders are placed. Visit www.paradiseroasters.com or call 763-433-0626 for more information.
A wet-processed coffee produced entirely from the leaf-rust-resistant interspecies hybrid variety Castillo. Baba Java is a specialty roaster and cafe retailer located in Hoover Alabama that strives to provide the best coffee experience at every step. Visit www.babajavacoffee.com or call 205-777-5984 for more information.
This exceptional coffee was selected as the No. 13 coffee on Coffee Review’s list of the Top 30 Coffees of 2019. Coffee from trees of the botanical variety Geisha (also Gesha) grown on Hacienda La Esmeralda in Panama first introduced this extraordinary variety of Arabica to the world. With its bold, boat-shaped beans and distinctive floral and crisply cocoa-toned cup, the Geisha/Gesha continues to be one of the world’s most celebrated and sought-after coffee varieties, and the Esmeralda versions remain among the most authentic. This is a “natural” or dry-processed version, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit, encouraging a flavor profile that is sweeter and deeper-toned than typical wet-processed profiles. Campos Coffee is committed to sourcing the finest coffees, with a focus on ethical and sustainable practices. Campos has locations in New South Wales, Victoria and Queensland, as well as Park City and Salt Lake City, Utah. For more information, visit camposcoffee.com.
Produced by Café Pacas at Finca La Esperanza entirely of the Red Bourbon variety of Arabica and processed by the honey method (sometimes referred to as “semi-washed”), which means that the outer skin of the coffee fruit is removed as it is in the wet or “washed” process, but at least some of the sticky fruit residue is allowed to dry on the bean and later removed by machine along with the parchment skin.An integral part of New York’s coffee renaissance, Brooklyn-based Café Grumpy opened its first café in 2005 and has since expanded to 10 locations in New York, including a roasting facility, and one in Miami. Visit www.cafegrumpy.com or call 718-383-0748 for more information.
This coffee tied for the third-highest rating in a cupping of coffees submitted by North American roasters in business for two or fewer years for Coffee Review’s October 2019 tasting report. Produced by Benjamin Weiner at Finca Idealista entirely of the Caturra variety of Arabica and processed by the traditional wet or washed method (fruit skin and pulp are removed before drying). South Slope Coffee, based in Asheville, North Carolina, was founded in 2018. Visit southslopecoffee.com for more information.
This coffee tied for the third-highest rating in a cupping of coffees submitted by North American roasters in business for two or fewer years for Coffee Review’s October 2019 tasting report. Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one are largely produced from distinctive indigenous Ethiopian varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. This is a dry-processed or “natural” version, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit rather than after the fruit has been removed, as is the case with wet-processed or “washed” coffees. Souvenir Coffee, based in Berkeley, California goes by the motto, “People first, then coffee.” Visit www.souvenir-coffee.com for more information.
This exceptional coffee was selected as the No. 24 coffee on Coffee Review’s list of the Top 30 Coffees of 2019. Produced by the Lamastus family of Elida Estate entirely of the Catuai variety of Arabica and processed by the natural method, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit rather than after the fruit has been removed, as is the case with wet-processed or “washed” coffees. Klatch Coffee is an award-winning small-batch roasting company in the Los Angeles area whose resident barista and trainer, Heather Perry, won both the 2003 and 2007 United States Barista Championships brewing a Klatch Coffee espresso blend. Visit www.klatchroasting.com or call 877-455-2824 for more information. 
Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one are largely produced from distinctive indigenous Ethiopian varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. This is a dry-processed or “natural” version, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit rather than after the fruit has been removed, as is the case with wet-processed or “washed” coffees. Small Eyes Café is a small, family-owned coffee shop in Yilan, Taiwan, specializing in artisanally roasted specialty coffee and homemade desserts. Visit https://www.facebook.com/Smalleyescafe for more information.
Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one are largely produced from distinctive indigenous Ethiopian varieties of Arabica long grown in their respective regions. Processed by the wet or washed method, in which skin and fruit flesh are removed from the beans or seeds before they are dried. Klatch Coffee is an award-winning small-batch roasting company in the Los Angeles area whose resident barista and trainer, Heather Perry, won both the 2003 and 2007 United States Barista Championships brewing a Klatch Coffee espresso blend. Visit www.klatchroasting.com or call 877-455-2824 for more information.   
Produced by members of the Othaya Cooperative from trees of the admired SL28 and SL34 varieties of Arabica. Klatch Coffee is an award-winning small-batch roasting company in the Los Angeles area whose resident barista and trainer, Heather Perry, won both the 2003 and 2007 United States Barista Championships brewing a Klatch Coffee espresso blend. Visit www.klatchroasting.com or call 877-455-2824 for more information. 
A blend of washed-process coffees from Ethiopia, Colombia and Guatemala, as well as a wet-hulled coffee from Sumatra and a natural-processed coffee from Brazil. Q Burger is a fast-casual burger restaurant in New Taipei, Taiwan. Visit https://www.qburger.com.tw/ for more information.
Yirgacheffe is a coffee region in southern Ethiopia that produces distinctive coffees from traditional varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. This is a “natural” or dry-processed version, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit, encouraging a flavor profile that is less predictable and deeper than the more familiar wet-processed floral- and citrus-toned Yirgacheffe profile. Blues Brew Coffee is Taipei-based coffee roaster seeking the highest quality coffees for the enjoyment of global coffee-lovers. For more information, visit https://www.facebook.com/bluesbrewcoffee.
Despite grower discontent and urban encroachment on prime coffee lands, Kenya continues to produce some of the world’s most elegant and distinctive coffees.  Temple Coffee is a quality-focused retail and wholesale specialty roaster active in Sacramento, California since 2005. Committed to sourcing, roasting and brewing the finest coffees, Temple features coffee from distinguished single estates and cooperatives around the world. Visit www.templecoffee.com or call 916-454-1282 for more information.
This exceptional coffee was selected as the No. 7 coffee on Coffee Review’s list of the Top 30 Coffees of 2019. Mandheling is a term variously used to describe a growing region surrounding Lake Toba in North Sumatra Province and a traditional type of wet-hulled coffee associated with that region. JBC Coffee Roasters’ vision is simple: “let the coffee lead the way” through sourcing and roasting the best and most unique coffees available and rewarding the farmers who grow those coffees with substantial premiums. Visit www.jbccoffeeroasters.com or call 608-256-5282 for more information.
Produced from trees of the admired SL-28 and SL-34 varieties of Arabica. Despite grower discontent, contested government coffee policy and urban encroachment on prime coffee lands, the famed Kenya coffee auction system and its participating cooperatives continue to produce some of the world’s most elegant and distinctive coffees. JBC Coffee Roasters’ vision is simple: “let the coffee lead the way” through sourcing and roasting the best and most unique coffees available and rewarding the farmers who grow those coffees with substantial premiums. Visit www.jbccoffeeroasters.com or call 608-256-5282 for more information.
Comprised of coffees from South America, Central America and Africa. Twisted’s name was inspired by the way espresso “twists” as it streams from the spout of a portafilter. JBC Coffee Roasters’ vision is simple: “let the coffee lead the way” through sourcing and roasting the best and most unique coffees available and rewarding the farmers who grow those coffees with substantial premiums. Visit www.jbccoffeeroasters.com or call 608-256-5282 for more information.
Produced by Luis Valdez of the Caturra and Catuai varieties of Arabica and processed by the wet or washed method (fruit skin and pulp are removed before drying). JBC Coffee Roasters’ vision is simple: “let the coffee lead the way” through sourcing and roasting the best and most unique coffees available and rewarding the farmers who grow those coffees with substantial premiums. Visit www.jbccoffeeroasters.com or call 608-256-5282 for more information.
A special microlot produced under the direction of Simon Hsieh. In addition to his retail roasting operation, Aroma Roast Coffees, Simon Hsieh also operates Soaring Phoenix Trading, a business focused on purpose-built commercial espresso blends and high quality single-origin coffees. Customers can also visit the new showroom, Chateau Andy, in Taipei City. Visit www.facebook.com/4ArtsZeroDefectCoffees or call 886-0983-749876 for more information.
This exceptional coffee was selected as the No. 4 coffee on Coffee Review’s list of the Top 30 Coffees of 2019. Produced entirely from trees of the SL-28 variety of Arabica, the variety associated with the finest Kenya coffees. Processed by the yellow honey method. With all honey processing methods, some sweet pulp or fruit flesh (“honey”) is allowed to adhere to the beans during drying. In the yellow honey variation, a thin layer of pulp is allowed to dry on the beans, more than with white honey, but much less than is the case with red or black honey. In addition to his retail roasting operation, Aroma Roast Coffees, Simon Hsieh also operates Soaring Phoenix Trading, a business focused on purpose-built commercial espresso blends and high quality single-origin coffees. Customers can also visit the new showroom, Chateau Andy, in Taipei City. Visit www.facebook.com/4ArtsZeroDefectCoffees or call 886-0983-749876 for more information.
Comprised entirely of the Bourbon variety of Arabica. Burundi is a small, landlocked country in the Great Lakes region of Central Africa. Benefiting from ideal growing conditions and large plantings of local strains of the heirloom Bourbon variety of Arabica, Burundi coffees have developed an excellent and growing reputation. In addition to his retail roasting operation, Aroma Roast Coffees, Simon Hsieh also operates Soaring Phoenix Trading, a business focused on purpose-built commercial espresso blends and high quality single-origin coffees. Customers can also visit the new showroom, Chateau Andy, in Taipei City. Visit www.facebook.com/4ArtsZeroDefectCoffees or call 886-0983-749876 for more information.
Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one are largely produced from indigenous Ethiopian varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. This is a “natural” or dry-processed version, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit rather than after the fruit has been removed, as is the case with wet-processed or “washed” coffees. In addition to his retail roasting operation, Aroma Roast Coffees, Simon Hsieh also operates Soaring Phoenix Trading, a business focused on purpose-built commercial espresso blends and high quality single-origin coffees. Customers can also visit the new showroom, Chateau Andy, in Taipei City. Visit www.facebook.com/4ArtsZeroDefectCoffees or call 886-0983-749876 for more information.
A blend of wet-hulled coffee from Indonesia and conventionally wet-processed coffee from El Salvador, roasted for espresso. Evie’s Café, based in Chia-Yi Taiwan, specializes in fine roasted coffees as well as pour-overs and cold-brews. Visit https://m.facebook.com/eviescafe88/ for more information.
Oromia is a coffee region in southern Ethiopia that produces distinctive coffees from traditional varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. This is a “natural” or dry-processed version, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit rather than after the fruit has been removed, as is the case with wet-processed or “washed” coffees. 4 Plus Coffee is a mobile coffee shop in Taipei, Taiwan. Visit www.m.facebook.com/4pluscoffee for more information.
This exceptional coffee was selected as the No. 10 coffee on Coffee Review’s list of the Top 30 Coffees of 2019. This coffee also earned the highest rating in a cupping of coffees produced using reduced oxygen (“anaerobic”) processing methods for Coffee Review’s November 2019 tasting report. The intensity and complexity of this extraordinary coffee are owing both to tree variety and processing method. The variety is the rare Ethiopia-derived botanical variety Geisha (also spelled Gesha). Joseph Brodsky and his colleagues processed this Geisha at Ninety Plus Gesha Estates in Panama using a refined and innovative processing procedure involving fermenting the whole, freshly-picked coffee fruit at high temperatures using a special yeast strain before drying it, still in the whole fruit. Willoughby’s Coffee & Tea is a pioneer specialty coffee roaster established in the early 1980s that has gracefully and successfully moved with the  times and now offers a menu of extremely refined small-lot, single-origin coffees. Visit www.willoughbyscoffee.com or call 800-388-8400 for more information.
This coffee tied for second-highest rating in a cupping of coffees produced using reduced oxygen (“anaerobic”) processing methods for Coffee Review’s November 2019 tasting report. Anaerobic processing, in this case, means that producer Luis Eduardo Campos fermented this coffee, after pulping or skinning, in a sealed, limited-oxygen stainless steel tank to encourage production of lactic acids that contribute to this sample’s very original cup profile. This coffee was imported by Genuine Origin, a specialty-focused coffee importer based in Irvington, New York. B&W Coffee Roasters is a North Carolina-based roastery and cafe specializing in small-lot direct-trade coffees. For more information, visit www.blackwhiteroasters.com.
Processed by a particularly meticulous Kenya variation on the traditional wet or “washed” method, in which skin and fruit flesh are removed from the beans or seeds before they are dried. This sample consists entirely of peaberries, a kind of bean that results when the coffee fruit develops only a single, oval bean rather than the usual pair of flat-sided beans. Peaberries produce a somewhat different (often better) cup than normal beans from the same crop, from which they may or may not be separated during grading. Quartet Kaffe is an artisan roastery in Taiwan founded in 2018, dedicated to pursuing coffee performance art and offering unique speciality coffee. Visit www.facebook.com/QuartetKaffe for more information.
Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one are produced from traditional Ethiopian varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. It was processed by the wet or washed method (fruit skin and pulp are removed before drying). The company name Amavida combines the Spanish words for love and life, reflecting Amavida’s multifaceted commitment to fairness and fine coffee. For further information visit www.amavida.com or call 850-213-1965.
Produced from trees of the SL28, SL34, Ruiru 11 and Batian varieties of Arabica. Processed by a particularly meticulous Kenya variation on the traditional wet or “washed” method, in which skin and fruit flesh are removed from the beans or seeds before they are dried. Big Shoulders Coffee is a Chicago artisan roaster that emphasizes a fresh-roasted, no-nonsense approach to fine coffee. Visit www.bigshoulderscoffee.com or call 312-888-3042 for more information.
Coffees from the Yirgacheffe region are produced from distinctive, largely indigenous Ethiopian varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. This is a “natural” or dry-processed version, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit, encouraging a cup profile that is sweeter and deeper-toned than perhaps more familiar wet-processed Yirgacheffe profile. Quartet Kaffe is an artisan roastery in Taiwan founded in 2018, dedicated to pursuing coffee performance art and offering unique speciality coffee. Visit www.facebook.com/QuartetKaffe for more information.
Produced at Mbeguka Estate Farm and comprised of the SL28 and Ruiri 11 varieties of Arabica. Processed by a particularly meticulous Kenya variation on the traditional wet or “washed” method, in which skin and fruit flesh are removed from the beans or seeds before they are dried. The company name Amavida combines the Spanish words for love and life, reflecting Amavida’s multifaceted commitment to fairness and fine coffee. For further information visit www.amavida.com or call 850-213-1965. 
Produced by Luis Pedro Zelaya at La Folie Farm of the Bourbon and Caturra varieties of Arabica. Processed by the wet or washed method (fruit skin and pulp are removed before drying). Big Shoulders Coffee is a Chicago artisan roaster that emphasizes a fresh-roasted, no-nonsense approach to fine coffee. Visit www.bigshoulderscoffee.com or call 312-846-1439 for more information.
Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one are produced from traditional Ethiopian varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. It was processed by the wet or washed method (fruit skin and pulp are removed before drying). MK Coffee Roasters, a short walk from the Shulin train station in New Taipei City, specializes in high-quality roasted beans to take home and expertly brewed coffees to enjoy in the café. Visit www.facebook.com/MKCoffeeRoasters or e-mail [email protected] for more information.
Produced by a collective of smallholding farmers in Costa Rica organized by Marianella Baez Jost. Comprised of the Bourbon, Geisha and Catuai varieties of Arabica. The Catuai is processed by the wet or washed method (fruit skin and pulp are removed before drying), and the Bourbon and Catuai by the honey method (in which a small amount of fruit flesh is left adhering to the bean during the drying process). Big Shoulders Coffee is a Chicago artisan roaster that emphasizes a fresh-roasted, no-nonsense approach to fine coffee. Visit www.bigshoulderscoffee.com or call 312-888-3042 for more information.
A blend of coffees from Indonesia, Ethiopia, Colombia and Honduras roasted for espresso. Wheelys Café Taiwan is a certified-organic mobile café with the mission of linking people together with great coffee. Visit http://www.wheelys.com.tw for more information.
Produced by Bernardo Solano of Concepcion Farm and processed by the wet or washed method, in which skin and fruit flesh are removed from the beans or seeds before they are dried. Klatch Coffee is an award-winning small-batch roasting company in the Los Angeles area whose resident barista and trainer, Heather Perry, won both the 2003 and 2007 United States Barista Championships brewing a Klatch Coffee espresso blend. Visit www.klatchroasting.com or call 877-455-2824 for more information. 
Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one are largely produced from distinctive indigenous Ethiopian varieties of Arabica long grown in their respective regions. Processed by the wet or washed method, in which skin and fruit flesh are removed from the beans or seeds before they are dried. Chez Cafe is a specialty coffee roaster based in Taipei City, Taiwan. Visit https://www.facebook.com/CoffeeChezCafe/ for more information.
Produced by Lucia Abregado De Ortiz of Finca Las Mercedes entirely of the admired, big-beaned Pacamara variety of Arabica and processed by the honey method. With all honey processing methods, some sweet pulp or fruit flesh (“honey”) is allowed to adhere to the beans during drying. Klatch Coffee is an award-winning small-batch roasting company in the Los Angeles area whose resident barista and trainer, Heather Perry, won both the 2003 and 2007 United States Barista Championships brewing a Klatch Coffee espresso blend. Visit www.klatchroasting.com or call 877-455-2824 for more information. 
Coffees like this one from the northern part of the Indonesian island of Sumatra are valued for their complex earth and fruit notes that appear to result largely from unorthodox fruit removal and drying practices called “wet hulling.” Kakalove Café is a nano-roaster located in the small city of Chia-Yi in Taiwan that strives to procure and roast the finest quality coffee. Visit www.kakalovecafe.com.tw or email [email protected] for more information.
Produced at El Velo Farm by the Peterson family entirely of the Geisha variety of Arabica and processed by the natural method, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit rather than after the fruit has been removed, as is the case with wet-processed or “washed” coffees. This processing procedure included an inoculation of Panama Esmeralda Geisha Portón Oro Yeast applied to the coffee fruit during the first stage of drying. Klatch Coffee is an award-winning small-batch roasting company in the Los Angeles area whose resident barista and trainer, Heather Perry, won both the 2003 and 2007 United States Barista Championships brewing a Klatch Coffee espresso blend. Visit www.klatchroasting.com or call 877-455-2824 for more information. 
Despite grower discontent and urban encroachment on prime coffee lands, Kenya continues to produce some of the world’s most elegant and distinctive coffees. Imported for the Taiwan market by Pebble Coffee. Kakalove Café is a nano-roaster located in the small city of Chia-Yi in Taiwan that strives to procure and roast the finest quality coffee. Visit www.kakalovecafe.com.tw or email [email protected] for more information.
Despite grower discontent and urban encroachment on prime coffee lands, Kenya continues to produce some of the world’s most elegant and distinctive coffees. Imported for the Taiwan market by Pebble Coffee. Kakalove Café is a nano-roaster located in the small city of Chia-Yi in Taiwan that strives to procure and roast the finest quality coffee. Visit www.kakalovecafe.com.tw or email [email protected] for more information.
Coffees from the Yirgacheffe region are produced from distinctive, largely indigenous Ethiopian varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. Like most southern Ethiopia coffees, this coffee is produced by villagers on small garden plots interplanted with food and other subsistence crops. This is a “natural” or dry-processed version, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit, encouraging a flavor profile that is sweeter and deeper-toned than the more familiar wet-processed profile. Kakalove Café is a nano-roaster located in the small city of Chia-Yi in Taiwan that strives to procure and roast the finest quality coffee. Visit www.kakalovecafe.com.tw or email [email protected] for more information.
Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one are largely produced from distinctive indigenous Ethiopian varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. Processed by the washed or wet method, meaning the soft fruit residue was removed from the beans before drying. This coffee is certified Fair Trade, meaning it was purchased at a formula-determined “fair” or economically sustainable price. Established in 2010, Red Rooster is an organic-certified micro-roaster focusing on socially conscious coffee and high-quality coffee. Visit redroostercoffee.com or call 540-745-7338 for more information.
This coffee from the Puna District of Hawaii, comprised of the Typica and Caturra varieties of Arabica, was processed using an unusual sequence of procedures. It was first fermented in the whole fruit with wine yeasts added to the tank, then dried in the whole fruit, making it, in effect, a fermented natural. Paradise Roasters specializes in micro-lot Arabica and Robusta coffees from Asia and other emerging origins. The company prides itself on quality and freshness, craft-roasting coffees in small batches only after orders are placed. Visit www.paradiseroasters.com or call 763-433-0626 for more information. 
Produced by Oscar and Francisca Chacon from trees of the Caturra and Catuai varieties of Arabica; certified organically grown. Processed by the red honey method, meaning that some fruit flesh (“honey”) was allowed to adhere to the beans during drying. Located in southwestern Colorado, Durango Coffee lays claim to a rich coffee history that dates to 1986. Its motto is “Tough Town, Great Coffee.” Visit www.durangocoffee.com or call 800-748-2275 for more information.
Certified organic. Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one are produced from traditional Ethiopian varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. Processed by the wet or washed method (fruit skin and pulp are removed before drying). JBC Coffee Roasters’ vision is simple: “let the coffee lead the way” through sourcing and roasting the best and most unique coffees available and rewarding the farmers who grow those coffees with substantial premiums. Visit www.jbccoffeeroasters.com or call 608-256-5282 for more information.
Certified organic. Produced at Finca La Lindura from the Bourbon, Caturra and Tabi varieties of Arabica and processed by the wet, or washed, method. JBC Coffee Roasters’ vision is simple: “let the coffee lead the way” through sourcing and roasting the best and most unique coffees available and rewarding the farmers who grow those coffees with substantial premiums. Visit www.jbccoffeeroasters.com or call 608-256-5282 for more information.
San Francisco Bay Coffee is one of five coffee brands produced by the family-owned Rogers Family Company. Visit www.sfbaycoffee.com or call 800-829-1300 for more information.
San Francisco Bay Coffee is one of five coffee brands produced by the family-owned Rogers Family Company. Visit www.sfbaycoffee.com or call 800-829-1300 for more information.
A blend of washed-process coffees of the peaberry grade from Kona, Panama and Mexico. San Francisco Bay Coffee is one of five coffee brands produced by the family-owned Rogers Family Company. Visit www.sfbaycoffee.com or call 800-829-1300 for more information.
A blend of coffees from Kenya and Guatemala. This coffee tied for the highest rating in a tasting of holiday blends for Coffee Review‘s December 2019 tasting report. Highwire Coffee Roasters is a small-batch coffee roaster located in Emeryville, California. Established in 2011, Highwire pursues the straightforward goal of sharing the coffees it loves with the community. Visit www.highwirecoffee.com or call 510-420-0473 for more information.
This coffee tied for the second-highest rating in a tasting of holiday blends for Coffee Review‘s December 2019 tasting report. A blend comprised of three coffees: a natural-process Ethiopia, a washed-process Ethiopia, and a washed-process Kenya. Lucky Café is a Taiwan-based specialty roaster and cafe. Visit https://shopee.tw/product/7703556/3404537564/ for more information.
This coffee tied for the second-highest rating in a tasting of holiday blends for Coffee Review‘s December 2019 tasting report. Comprised of a natural-process Ethiopia Koke and Ethiopia Sidamo and a washed-process Ethiopia Limu and Colombia Nariño Marco Lasso. Certified organic. Established in 2010, Red Rooster is an organic-certified micro-roaster focusing on socially conscious coffee and high-quality coffee. Visit redroostercoffee.com or call 540-745-7338 for more information.
This coffee tied for the third-highest rating in a tasting of holiday blends for Coffee Review‘s December 2019 tasting report. Comprised of wet-processed, dry-fermented coffees of the Bourbon, Typica and Caturra varieties of Arabica from three different growing areas in Peru: Flor de Selva, Estrella Divina and El Laurel. Wonderstate Coffee, formerly Kickapoo Coffee, is an award-winning roaster based in rural Wisconsin known for their commitment to guaranteeing higher pay for farmers and being the country’s first 100% solar powered roastery. Visit wonderstatecoffee.com or call (608) 637-2022 for more information.
A blend of three coffees, two from Ethiopia (a Dimtu washed-process and a Mulish Washing Station natural) and one from Guatemala (washed). This coffee tied for the third-highest rating in a tasting of holiday blends for Coffee Review‘s December 2019 tasting report. Temple Coffee is a quality-focused retail and wholesale specialty roaster active in Sacramento, California since 2005. Committed to sourcing, roasting and brewing the finest coffees, Temple features coffee from distinguished single estates and cooperatives around the world. Visit www.templecoffee.com or call 916-454-1282 for more information.
This coffee tied for the third-highest rating in a tasting of holiday blends for Coffee Review‘s December 2019 tasting report. Comprised of an Ethiopia Guji natural-process, a Costa Rica Tarrazu white honey-process, and a washed-process Kenya Nyeri. Detour Coffee, founded in 2009, is a wholesale and retail roasting company located near Toronto, Canada. Visit www.detourcoffee.com for more information.
This coffee tied for the third-highest rating in a tasting of holiday blends for Coffee Review‘s December 2019 tasting report. Comprised of three coffees: a washed-process Kenya Kijani Kiboko AA and two natural-processed coffees, an Ethiopia Dame Dabaye and a Brazil Fazenda Serrinha. Modern Times is a well-loved, exuberantly inventive Point Loma, San Diego brewery that has long specialized in coffee-beer crossovers and overlaps. Visit www.moderntimescoffee.com for more information.
This coffee earned the fourth-highest rating in a tasting of holiday blends for Coffee Review‘s December 2019 tasting report. Comprised of coffees from Nicaragua (from Don Francisco y Blanca Nieve’s Farm, sourced from Gold Mountain Coffee Growers) and Ethiopia (a natural-process Sidama from Qonqana washing station, imported by Catalyst Trade). Open Seas is a Maryland specialty roaster based in the coastal town of Stevensville. For every bag of Open Seas Coffee purchased, 10% of the profits are invested back into sustainable coffee farming projects and communities. Visit www.openseascoffee.com for more information.
This blend was purchased from a Peet’s Coffee retail location as a nationally branded benchmark comparison for the holiday blends from other smaller roasters reviewed this month. It is comprised of three coffees: a wet-hulled Sumatra Batak, a washed-process Panama Finca Don Bosco, and a washed-process Kenya. Peet’s Coffee, now a national chain, was founded by Alfred Peet in 1966, making it one of the first and most influential artisan coffee roasters in the U.S. Visit www.peets.com for more information.
Produced by Mekuriya Gobena in the Yirgacheffe growing region of Ethiopia on his 12-acre farm. This is a dry-processed or “natural” coffee, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit rather than after the fruit has been removed, as is the case with wet-processed or “washed” coffees. Paradise Roasters specializes in micro-lot Arabica and Robusta coffees from Asia and other emerging origins. The company prides itself on quality and freshness, craft-roasting coffees in small batches only after orders are placed. Visit www.paradiseroasters.com or call 763-433-0626 for more information.
Produced by Ato Esmael and his friends and family at their estate farm in the Guji Zone of southern Ethiopia. Produced from distinctive traditional varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. This is a dry-processed or “natural” version, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit rather than after the fruit has been removed, as is the case with wet-processed or “washed” coffees. Battlecreek Roasters, founded in 2019, is a Battle Creek, Michigan specialty coffee roaster that donates a portion of all sales to organizations that provide counseling to victims of human trafficking. For more information, visit www.battlecreek.coffee.
Produced by the Santatra Cooperative of Madagascar entirely of the Yellow Bourbon variety of Arabica and processed by the washed method, in which fruit skin and pulp are removed before drying. Paradise Roasters specializes in micro-lot Arabica and Robusta coffees from Asia and other emerging origins. The company prides itself on quality and freshness, craft-roasting coffees in small batches only after orders are placed. Visit www.paradiseroasters.com or call 763-433-0626 for more information.
Produced by Jorge Gutierrez Jiminez from trees of the Caturra and Catuai varieties of Arabica. Press House ships freshly roasted specialty coffees to the customer’s door within 72 hours of roasting for peak freshness. The company refines the profile of every single roast it offers through experimentation and discovery. Visit www.presshousecoffee.com for more information.
Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one are largely produced from indigenous Ethiopian varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. Processed by the dry or natural method (dried in the entire fruit). GK Coffee provides quality specialty coffee to consumers and retailers. For more information, visit www.gkcoffee.com.tw or email [email protected]
Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one are largely produced from indigenous Ethiopian varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. Processed by the wet or washed method (fruit skin and pulp removed before drying). GK Coffee provides quality specialty coffee to consumers and retailers. For more information, visit www.gkcoffee.com.tw or email [email protected]
Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one are produced from traditional Ethiopian varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. Processed by the wet or washed method (fruit skin and pulp removed before drying). GK Coffee provides quality specialty coffee to consumers and retailers. For more information, visit www.gkcoffee.com.tw or email [email protected]
Coffee from trees of the botanical variety Geisha (also Gesha) grown on Price Peterson’s Hacienda La Esmeralda in Panama first introduced this extraordinary variety of Arabica to the world. With its bold, boat-shaped beans and distinctive floral and crisply cacao-toned cup, the Gesha continues one of the world’s most unique coffees, and the Esmeralda versions remain among the most authentic. This is a dry-processed or “natural” version, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit rather than after the fruit has been removed, as is the case with wet-processed or “washed” coffees. Paradise Roasters specializes in micro-lot Arabica and Robusta coffees from Asia and other emerging origins. The company prides itself on quality and freshness, craft-roasting coffees in small batches only after orders are placed. Visit www.paradiseroasters.com or call 763-433-0626 for more information.
Produced entirely from trees of the native Ethiopian varieties Kurume and Welicho at Suke Quto farm. Processed by the honey method, which means that the outer skin of the coffee fruit is removed, as it is in the wet or “washed” process, but at least some of the sticky fruit residue is allowed to dry on the bean and later removed by machine along with the parchment skin. This coffee is both organic- and Rainforest Alliance-certified. Paradise Roasters specializes in micro-lot Arabica and Robusta coffees from Asia and other emerging origins. The company prides itself on quality and freshness, craft-roasting coffees in small batches only after orders are placed. Visit www.paradiseroasters.com or call 763-433-0626 for more information.
A single-origin espresso from Huila, Colombia. Guorizi Zhai Coffee is a small specialty coffee roaster based in Hsinchu, Taiwan. For more information, visit https://www.facebook.com/guorizi.zhaicoffee/.
Produced from trees of the SL28, SL34, Ruiru 11 and Batian varieties of Arabica. Processed by a particularly meticulous Kenya variation on the traditional wet or “washed” method, in which skin and fruit flesh are removed from the beans or seeds before they are dried. Black Coffee in Black Jar, a Taiwan-based nano-roaster and café, is named for both the Taiwanese slang phrase “black soy sauce in black jar,” indicating something is difficult to see through, and the literal black jar in which this company stores coffee to protect it from UV light. For more information, visit https://m.facebook.com/BlackCoffeeInBlackJar/.
Produced entirely of the Pink Bourbon variety of Arabica and processed by the wet, or washed, method. Black Coffee in Black Jar, a Taiwan-based nano-roaster and café, is named for both the Taiwanese slang phrase “black soy sauce in black jar,” indicating something is difficult to see through, and the literal black jar in which this company stores coffee to protect it from UV light. For more information, visit https://m.facebook.com/BlackCoffeeInBlackJar/.
Produced from trees of the celebrated Geisha (also spelled Gesha) variety of Arabica and processed by the wet, or washed, method. Black Coffee in Black Jar, a Taiwan-based nano-roaster and café, is named for both the Taiwanese slang phrase “black soy sauce in black jar,” indicating something is difficult to see through, and the literal black jar in which this company stores coffee to protect it from UV light. For more information, visit https://m.facebook.com/BlackCoffeeInBlackJar/.
Despite grower discontent and urban encroachment on prime coffee lands, Kenya continues to produce some of the world’s most elegant and distinctive coffees. Rotate Fun Club was founded in Taichung, Taiwan in 2018 with the mission of roasting specialty coffee and offering home-roasting lessons. For more information, visit https://www.facebook.com/groups/314587622613012.
Produced at Finca Santa Leticia entirely of the Pacamara variety of Arabica and processed by the honey method. With all honey processing methods, some fruit flesh (“honey”) is allowed to adhere to the beans during drying. Black Coffee in Black Jar, a Taiwan-based nano-roaster and café, is named for both the Taiwanese slang phrase “black soy sauce in black jar,” indicating something is difficult to see through, and the literal black jar in which this company stores coffee to protect it from UV light. For more information, visit https://m.facebook.com/BlackCoffeeInBlackJar/.
This coffee tied for the second-highest rating in a cupping of single-origin coffees available in U.S. supermarkets for Coffee Review’s February 2020 report. USDA-certified organic. Purchased at a Whole Foods Market in Winston-Salem, North Carolina. Processed by the washed method (fruit skin and pulp are removed before drying). Larry’s Coffee sources only organic, fair trade-certified, shade-grown coffees and is a certified B-corp. Visit www.larryscoffee.com for more information.
This coffee earned the third-highest rating in a cupping of single-origin coffees available in U.S. supermarkets for Coffee Review’s February 2020 report. Purchased at Mariano’s, a supermarket chain owned by Kroger’s, in Madison, Wisconsin. Processed by the washed method (fruit skin and pulp are removed before drying). Big Shoulders Coffee is a Chicago artisan roaster that emphasizes a fresh-roasted, no-nonsense approach to fine coffee. Visit www.bigshoulderscoffee.com or call 312-888-3042 for more information.
This coffee tied for the fourth-highest rating in a cupping of single-origin coffees available in U.S. supermarkets for Coffee Review’s February 2020 report. Purchased at a Whole Foods Market in Berkeley, California. Processed by the washed method (fruit skin and pulp are removed before drying). Allegro Coffee, a subsidiary of Whole Foods Market, offers one of the country’s largest selections of single-origin coffees. Visit www.allegrocoffee.com or call 800-227-1107 for more information.
This coffee tied for the fourth-highest rating in a cupping of single-origin coffees available in U.S. supermarkets for Coffee Review’s February 2020 report. Purchased at a Whole Foods Market in Winston-Salem, North Carolina. Produced by members of the women-owned and operated Nahualá Cooperative and certified USDA organic and fair trade. Café Femenino was conceived in 2003 by Isabel Uriarte Latorre and her husband, Victor Rojas Diaz, with the mission of paying women directly for the coffee they produce in order to bring them economic and social equality. Visit CafeFemeninoCoffee.com for more information.
This coffee tied for the fourth-highest rating in a cupping of single-origin coffees available in U.S. supermarkets for Coffee Review’s February 2020 report. Purchased at a Whole Foods Market in Berkeley, California. Produced by Atanacio Nolasco of El Tucan farm, entirely of the Catuaí variety of Arabica, and processed by the washed method (fruit skin and pulp is removed before drying). 3-19 Coffee was founded in San Francisco and operates a café in Cleveland, Ohio. Visit www.319coffee.com for more information.
This coffee tied for the fourth-highest rating in a cupping of single-origin coffees available in U.S. supermarkets for Coffee Review’s February 2020 report. Purchased at a Whole Foods Market in Winston-Salem, North Carolina. USDA-certified organic. Processed by the natural method (dried in the whole fruit). Joe Van Gogh is a small-batch roasting company with a focus on sustainability and community. Visit www.joevangogh.com or call 919-644-0111 for more information.
This coffee tied for the fourth-highest rating in a cupping of single-origin coffees available in U.S. supermarkets for Coffee Review’s February 2020 report. Purchased at a Safeway supermarket in Alameda, California. Processed by the washed method (fruit skin and pulp are removed before drying). Roasted and packaged by Better Living Brands for Safeway, a subsidiary of Albertsons (based in Boise, Idaho). Visit www.safeway.com for more information.
This coffee was tested as part of a survey of single-origin coffees available in U.S. supermarkets for Coffee Review’s February 2020 report. Purchased at a Woodman’s Market in Madison, Wisconsin. Cameron’s Coffee, based in Shakopee, Minnesota, specializes in single-origin specialty coffees and blends designed for the home consumer. Visit www.cameronscoffee.com for more information.
This coffee tied for the fifth-highest rating in a cupping of single-origin coffees available in U.S. supermarkets for Coffee Review’s February 2020 report. Purchased at a Harris-Teeter supermarket in Clemmons, North Carolina. HT Trader’s is the store brand of Harris-Teeter, a South Atlantic states supermarket chain owned by Kroger. Visit www.harristeeter.com for more information.
This coffee was tested as part of a survey of single-origin coffees available in U.S. supermarkets for Coffee Review’s February 2020 report. Purchased at a Woodman’s Market in Madison, Wisconsin. Processed by the washed method (fruit skin and pulp are removed before drying). Eight O'Clock Coffee is the brand line of coffee products currently manufactured by the Eight O'Clock Coffee Company, a subsidiary of Tata Global Beverages, headquartered in Montvale, New Jersey. Visit www.eightoclock.com for more information.
This coffee was tested as part of a survey of single-origin coffees available in U.S. supermarkets for Coffee Review’s February 2020 report. Purchased at a Woodman’s Market in Madison, Wisconsin. Processed by the washed method (fruit skin and pulp are removed before drying). Hills Bros. Coffee is a San Francisco-based brand founded in 1900. Visit www.hillsbros.com for more information.
This coffee was tested as part of a survey of single-origin coffees available in U.S. supermarkets for Coffee Review’s February 2020 report. Purchased at a Publix supermarket in Winston-Salem, North Carolina. Coffees from the northern part of the Indonesian island of Sumatra are admired for their complex earth, fruit and aromatic wood notes that result largely from unorthodox fruit removal and drying practices. Visit www.starbucks.com for more information.
Bourbon Pointu, botanical name var. Laurina, is a natural mutation of the famous Bourbon variety, first selected on Reunion Island in the Indian Ocean. The Bourbon Pointu is famous for its natural low levels of caffeine, bean shape (small and tending to be pointed at the ends, hence “pointu”), and pungently fruit-toned, Bourbon-like cup. This version was produced in Kona and is a dry-processed or “natural” coffee, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit. Hula Daddy is a boutique coffee producer with farms at the 1,400 and 2,500 foot levels of the Mount Hualalai volcano near the northern end of the Kona growing district, five minutes above the town of Kailua-Kona. This rare coffee is only available on the Hula Daddy website through their allocation list. Visit www.huladaddy.com or call 888-553-2339 for more information.
Coffee from trees of the botanical variety Geisha (also Gesha) grown on Price Peterson’s Hacienda La Esmeralda in Panama first introduced this extraordinary variety of Arabica to the world. With its bold, boat-shaped beans and distinctive floral and crisply cacao-toned cup, the Gesha continues one of the world’s most unique coffees, and the Esmeralda versions remain among the most authentic. This is a dry-processed or “natural” version, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit rather than after the fruit has been removed, as is the case with wet-processed or “washed” coffees. Euphora Coffee is a Taipei-based specialty coffee roaster with an active online community through which all sales are made. Visit www.euphoracoffeestudio.com for more information.
A blend of coffees from Peru, Colombia, Guatemala, Ecuador, Ethiopia and Brazil. Creation Food Co. is a food service company with a specialty coffee division. It operates one of the few large-scale coffee production facilities in Taiwan. Visit www.creation.com.tw or call 0800-020-368 for more information.
Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one are produced from distinctive traditional Ethiopian varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. This is a dry-processed or “natural” coffee, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit rather than after the fruit has been removed, as is the case with wet-processed or “washed” coffees. Euphora Coffee is a Taipei-based specialty coffee roaster with an active online community through which all sales are made. Visit www.euphoracoffeestudio.com for more information.
A blend of coffees from Peru, Colombia, Guatemala, Ecuador, Ethiopia and Brazil. Creation Food Co. is a food service company with a specialty coffee division. It operates one of the few large-scale coffee production facilities in Taiwan. Visit www.creation.com.tw or call 0800-020-368 for more information.
Produced by Max Ariel Palacios Villatoro of La Providencia farm, entirely of the rare, huge-beaned Maragogype variety of Arabica. Processed by the washed method (fruit skin and pulp are removed before drying). Bird Rock Coffee Roasters is a retailer and wholesaler focused on organic and socially responsible coffees; it was awarded the “2012 Micro-Roaster of the Year” title by Roast Magazine. Visit www.birdrockcoffee.com or call 858-551-1707 for more information.
Produced by Don Atilio Zepeda of Finca El Cerro entirely of the Pacamara variety of Arabica. The Pacamara is a big-beaned hybrid of the Bourbon-related Pacas and the huge-beaned Maragogipe, itself a mutant of the ancient Typica variety. This is a dry-processed or “natural” coffee, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit rather than after the fruit has been removed, as is the case with wet-processed or “washed” coffees. Established in 2010, Red Rooster is an organic-certified micro-roaster focusing on socially conscious coffee and high-quality coffee. Visit redroostercoffee.com or call 540-745-7338 for more information.
Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one are produced from traditional Ethiopian varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. This lot was processed by the wet or washed method (fruit skin and pulp are removed before drying). JBC Coffee Roasters’ vision is simple: “let the coffee lead the way” through sourcing and roasting the best and most unique coffees available and rewarding the farmers who grow those coffees with substantial premiums. Visit www.jbccoffeeroasters.com or call 608-256-5282 for more information.
Processed by the washed method (fruit skin and pulp are removed before drying).  Jackrabbit Java selects the finest coffees from around the world and roasts them in Thermopolis, Wyoming’s mountain air. All Jackrabbit Java coffees are specialty-grade and roasted to order. Visit www.jackrabbitjava.com for more information.
Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one are produced from traditional Ethiopian varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. Processed by the washed method (fruit skin and pulp are removed before drying). Revel Coffee is a micro-roaster located in Billings, Montana. Its motto: “Quality is paramount – a difference you can revel in.” Visit www.revelcoffee.com or call 406-534-9621 for more information.
Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one are produced from distinctive traditional Ethiopian varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. Processed by the natural method (dried in the whole fruit). Cloud City Coffee is a specialty roaster and coffee shop founded in 2002 by roaster Jill Killen. Visit www.cloudcitycoffeeroasting.com.
Produced by members of the Kirurumwe Farmers Cooperative Society and processed by the traditional Kenya washed method involving a second water soak before drying. Temple Coffee is a quality-focused retail and wholesale specialty roaster active in Sacramento, California since 2005. Committed to sourcing, roasting and brewing the finest coffees, Temple features coffee from distinguished single estates and cooperatives around the world. Visit www.templecoffee.com or call 916-454-1282 for more information.
Produced by the Reko Farming Cooperative from indigenous tree varieties long grown in the region and processed by the washed method (fruit skin and pulp are removed before drying). Temple Coffee is a quality-focused retail and wholesale specialty roaster active in Sacramento, California since 2005. Committed to sourcing, roasting and brewing the finest coffees, Temple features coffee from distinguished single estates and cooperatives around the world. Visit www.templecoffee.com or call 916-454-1282 for more information.
Vascobelo is an Antwerp, Belgium-based coffee roaster with cafes and kiosks in both Belgium and the Netherlands that also retails its coffees on the website www.vascobelo.be. 
Processed by the anaerobic method, which in this case means that the pulped or skinned coffee was fermented in a sealed, oxygen-evacuated tank for 36 hours before drying. Paradise Roasters specializes in micro-lot Arabica and Robusta coffees from Asia and other emerging origins. The company prides itself on quality and freshness, craft-roasting coffees in small batches only after orders are placed. Visit www.paradiseroasters.com or call 763-433-0626 for more information.
Produced by the Kabare Farmers Cooperative from trees of the admired SL28 and SL34 varieties of Arabica. Bird Rock Coffee Roasters is a retailer and wholesaler focused on organic and socially responsible coffees; it was awarded the “2012 Micro-Roaster of the Year” title by Roast Magazine. Visit www.birdrockcoffee.com or call 858-551-1707 for more information.
Despite grower discontent and urban encroachment on prime coffee lands, Kenya continues to produce some of the world’s most elegant and distinctive coffees. Jackrabbit Java selects the finest coffees from around the world and roasts them in Thermopolis, Wyoming’s mountain air. All Jackrabbit Java coffees are specialty-grade and roasted to order. Visit www.jackrabbitjava.com for more information.
Coffees like this one from southern Ethiopia are produced from distinctive, largely indigenous Ethiopian varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. Processed by the natural method (dried in the whole fruit). JBC Coffee Roasters’ vision is simple: “let the coffee lead the way” through sourcing and roasting the best and most unique coffees available and rewarding the farmers who grow those coffees with substantial premiums. Visit www.jbccoffeeroasters.com or call 608-256-5282 for more information.
Coffee from trees of the botanical variety Geisha (also Gesha) grown on Price Peterson’s Hacienda La Esmeralda in Panama first introduced this extraordinary variety of Arabica to the world. This is a wet-processed or “washed” version, meaning the fruit skin and pulp were removed from the beans immediately after harvesting but before drying. Jackrabbit Java selects the finest coffees from around the world and roasts them in Thermopolis, Wyoming’s mountain air. All Jackrabbit Java coffees are specialty-grade and roasted to order. Visit www.jackrabbitjava.com for more information.
Produced by small-holding farmers with the support of Caravela Coffee, an innovating exporter-importer working in eight Latin-American countries. Processed by the wet or washed method (fruit skin and pulp are removed before drying). JBC Coffee Roasters’ vision is simple: “let the coffee lead the way” through sourcing and roasting the best and most unique coffees available and rewarding the farmers who grow those coffees with substantial premiums. Visit www.jbccoffeeroasters.com or call 608-256-5282 for more information.
Produced by Eulogia Carrillo Julca on her 7.5-acre farm located near the community of San Ignacio in the admired Cajamarca region of Peru. Meticulously processed by the wet or washed method (fruit skin and pulp are removed before drying). JBC Coffee Roasters’ vision is simple: “let the coffee lead the way” through sourcing and roasting the best and most unique coffees available and rewarding the farmers who grow those coffees with substantial premiums. Visit www.jbccoffeeroasters.com or call 608-256-5282 for more information.
Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one are largely produced from indigenous Ethiopian varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. This is a “natural” or dry-processed version, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit rather than after the fruit has been removed, as is the case with wet-processed or “washed” coffees. Quartet Kaffe is an artisan roastery in Taiwan founded in 2018, dedicated to pursuing coffee performance art and offering unique speciality coffee. Visit www.facebook.com/QuartetKaffe for more information.
Despite grower discontent and urban encroachment on prime coffee lands, Kenya continues to produce some of the world’s most elegant and distinctive coffees. Kakalove Café is a nano-roaster located in the small city of Chia-Yi in Taiwan that strives to procure and roast the finest quality coffee. Visit www.kakalovecafe.com.tw or email [email protected] for more information.
Processed by the red honey method, meaning that some fruit flesh or “honey” was allowed to adhere to the beans during drying. Kakalove Café is a nano-roaster located in the small city of Chia-Yi in Taiwan that strives to procure and roast the finest quality coffee. Visit www.kakalovecafe.com.tw or email [email protected] for more information.
This coffee earned the highest rating in a cupping of single-origin coffees available in U.S. supermarkets for Coffee Review’s February 2020 report. Purchased at a Whole Foods Market in Berkeley, California. Processed by the washed method (fruit skin and pulp are removed before drying). Counter Culture was founded as a roastery in North Carolina in 1995 and has since expanded to 13 training centers across the U.S. Visit www.counterculturecoffee.com for more information.
This coffee tied for the second-highest rating in a cupping of single-origin coffees available in U.S. supermarkets for Coffee Review’s February 2020 report. Purchased at a Whole Foods Market in Berkeley, California. Certified fair trade and USDA organic. Processed by the washed method (fruit skin and pulp are removed before drying). Founded in 1995 by Brooke McDonnell and Helen Russell, Equator Coffees operates retail stores in the San Francisco Bay Area and provides coffee to hundreds of wholesale accounts. Visit www.equatorcoffees.com or call 800-809-7687 for more information.
Despite grower discontent and urban encroachment on prime coffee lands, Kenya continues to produce some of the world’s most elegant and distinctive coffees. Kakalove Café is a nano-roaster located in the small city of Chia-Yi in Taiwan that strives to procure and roast the finest quality coffee. Visit www.kakalovecafe.com.tw or email [email protected] for more information.
Certified organic and fair trade. Produced from the Blue Mountain, Bourbon, Caturra, Catuaí, and Kabare 2 varieties of Arabica and processed by the wet, or washed, method. JBC Coffee Roasters’ vision is simple: “let the coffee lead the way” through sourcing and roasting the best and most unique coffees available and rewarding the farmers who grow those coffees with substantial premiums. Visit www.jbccoffeeroasters.com or call 608-256-5282 for more information. 
Certified organic and fair trade. Produced from the Blue Mountain, Bourbon, Caturra, Catuaí, and Kabare 2 varieties of Arabica and processed by the wet, or washed, method. JBC Coffee Roasters’ vision is simple: “let the coffee lead the way” through sourcing and roasting the best and most unique coffees available and rewarding the farmers who grow those coffees with substantial premiums. Visit www.jbccoffeeroasters.com or call 608-256-5282 for more information. 
Produced from trees of the traditional Typica variety of Arabica by Cynthia and Dennis Staats at KonAroma farm at 2,400 feet elevation in the Kona growing district of Hawaii. The Jampot opened in 1986  on the Keweenaw Peninsula, the northernmost point of Michigan’s Upper Peninsula, selling handmade preserves from locally grown berries under the Poorrock Abbey name. Over the years Poorrock has added a robust line of baked goods, candies and specialty coffees. Proceeds support the vision and works of Holy Transfiguration Skete, a Byzantine Catholic Monastery. For more information visit www.poorrockabbey.com.
Produced at Hacienda La Pradera entirely of the Caturra variety of Arabica and processed by the wet, or washed, method. The Jampot opened in 1986  on the Keweenaw Peninsula, the northernmost point of Michigan’s Upper Peninsula, selling handmade preserves from locally grown berries under the Poorrock Abbey name. Over the years Poorrock has added a robust line of baked goods, candies and specialty coffees. Proceeds support the vision and works of Holy Transfiguration Skete, a Byzantine Catholic Monastery. For more information visitwww.poorrockabbey.com.
A complex blend combining four coffees processed by a variety of methods from three distinguished origins. Choosy Gourmet is a cafe in Kaohsiung, Taiwan, where founder Howard Hung’s mission is to highlight the “living soul” of each coffee. Visit www.choosygourmet.com, https://www.facebook.com/choosy.gourmet, email [email protected] or call +886-7-3509609 for more information.
This exceptional coffee was selected as the No. 24 coffee on Coffee Review’s list of the Top 30 Coffees of 2020.  Produced by the Lamastus family of Elida Estate entirely of the Catuai variety of Arabica and processed by the natural method (dried in the whole fruit). Now based in Henderson, Nevada, Dragonfly Coffee was named 2019 Micro-Roaster of the Year by Roast magazine. Visit www.dragonflycoffeeroasters.com or call 303-579-2154 for more information.
Produced from trees of the Caturra variety. Processed by the washed method (fruit skin and pulp are removed before drying). Telluride is an artisan roaster situated at high elevations in Colorado offering an attractive range of single-origins and blends. Visit www.telluridecoffeeroasters.net for more information.
Bourbon Pointu, botanical name var. Laurina, is a natural mutation of the famous Bourbon variety, first selected on Reunion Island in the Indian Ocean. The Bourbon Pointu is famous for its natural low levels of caffeine, bean shape (small and tending to be pointed at the ends, hence “pointu”), and pungently fruit-toned, Bourbon-like cup. This version was grown in Kona. This lot consists of a blend of two different processing methods, natural and washed. Kraig and Leslie Lee have been growing and harvesting traditional Kona Coffee for over 25 years. In 2017 they introduced several distinguished new tree varieties to their 4.7 acre farm, including this one, which they are offering for the first time. Visit konafarmdirect.com for further information.
A blend of coffees from Yirgacheffe and Sidama, Ethiopia and Guatemala roasted for espresso and created for DG Cafe in Taipei, Taiwan. GK Coffee provides quality specialty coffee to consumers and retailers. For more information, visit www.gkcoffee.com.tw or email [email protected]
K7 is a variety of Arabica first developed in Kenya from trees of the famous French Bourbon variety. Processed by the washed method (fruit skin and pulp are removed before drying). Kraig and Leslie Lee have been growing and harvesting traditional Kona Coffee for over 25 years. In 2017 they introduced several distinguished new tree varieties to their 4.7 acre farm, including this one, which they are offering for the first time. Visit konafarmdirect.com for further information.
SL34 is a tree variety famously associated with the fine coffees of Kenya. This version was grown in Kona and processed by the washed method (fruit skin and pulp are removed before drying). Kraig and Leslie Lee have been growing and harvesting traditional Kona Coffee for over 25 years. In 2017 they introduced several distinguished new tree varieties to their 4.7 acre farm, including this one, which they are offering for the first time. Visit konafarmdirect.com for further information.
Certified organic. Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one are largely produced from distinctive indigenous Ethiopian varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. Processed by the washed method (fruit skin and pulp are removed before drying). Established in 2010, Red Rooster is an organic-certified micro-roaster focusing on socially conscious coffee and high-quality coffee. Visit redroostercoffee.com or call 540-745-7338 for more information.
Produced entirely of the Typica variety of Arabica and processed by a variation on the double-washed method involving fermentation, washing and a second soak in fresh water. Paradise Roasters specializes in micro-lot Arabica and Robusta coffees from Asia and other emerging origins. The company prides itself on quality and freshness, craft-roasting coffees in small batches only after orders are placed. Visit www.paradiseroasters.com or call 763-433-0626 for more information.
Comprised of the Typica, Catimor, Bourbon, Caturra and Catuai varieties of Arabica and processed by the wet, or washed, method. Certified organic and Fair Trade. Lone Coffee is an Escondido, California-based specialty micro-roaster with an adjacent coffee shop, Kettle Coffee & Tea. Visit www.lonecoffee.com for more information.
Produced by David Lopez of Finca Los Amigos. Orange peel was added to the tank during the ferment step of fruit removal. Lone Coffee is an Escondido, California-based specialty micro-roaster with an adjacent coffee shop, Kettle Coffee & Tea. Visit www.lonecoffee.com for more information.
Fair trade and organic certified. From trees of the Bourbon, Caturra, and Catuaí varieties of Arabica and processed by the washed method (fruit skin and pulp are removed before drying). Lone Coffee is an Escondido, California-based specialty micro-roaster with an adjacent coffee shop, Kettle Coffee & Tea. Visit www.lonecoffee.com for more information.
This exceptional coffee was selected as the No. 10 coffee on Coffee Review’s list of the Top 30 Coffees of 2020. The coffee earned the highest rating in a cupping of coffees from roasters in the northwestern U.S. for Coffee Review’s April 2020 tasting report. Produced by smallholding farmers from trees of the rare indigenous Ethiopia Wush Wush variety of Arabica. Processed by fermenting the fresh coffee fruit in an oxygen-free environment before drying it in the whole fruit. Revel Coffee is a micro-roaster located in Billings, Montana. Its motto: “Quality is paramount – a difference you can revel in.” Visit www.revelcoffee.com or call 406-534-9621 for more information.
This coffee earned the second-highest rating in a cupping of coffees from roasters in the northwestern U.S. for Coffee Review’s April 2020 tasting report. Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one are produced from traditional, largely indigenous varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. This lot was processed by the wet or washed method (fruit skin and pulp are removed before drying). Indaba Coffee is a small family-owned business in the heart of Spokane, Washington whose mission is “radical hospitality.” Visit www.indabacoffee.com for more information.
This coffee tied for the third-highest rating in a cupping of coffees from roasters in the northwestern U.S. for Coffee Review’s April 2020 tasting report. Certified organic. Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one are largely produced from distinctive indigenous varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. Processed by the natural method (dried in the whole fruit). Fire Ridge Coffee is a small, family-owned roastery in Missoula, Montana devoted to responsible sourcing and careful roasting. Visit www.fireridgecoffee.com for more information.
This coffee tied for the third-highest rating in a cupping of coffees from roasters in the northwestern U.S. for Coffee Review’s April 2020 tasting report. Produced by members of the Adame Garbota Cooperative and processed by the washed method (fruit skin and pulp are removed before drying). Olympia Coffee Roasting is a small-batch wholesale and retail roasting company with a youthful, no-nonsense style and a commitment to high-quality organic coffees. Visit www.olympiacoffee.com or call 360-753-0066 for more information.
This coffee tied for the third-highest rating in a cupping of coffees from roasters in the northwestern U.S. for Coffee Review’s April 2020 tasting report. Comprised entirely of local strains of the Bourbon variety of Arabica and processed by the wet, or washed, method at the Bumbogo washing station. Founded in 1971 in Bellingham, Washington, Tony’s Coffee is one of the earliest craft roasteries in the Pacific Northwest. Visit www.tonyscoffee.com for more information.
This coffee tied for the fourth-highest rating in a cupping of coffees from roasters in the northwestern U.S. for Coffee Review’s April 2020 tasting report. Bluebeard Coffee Roasters’ motto is “The Perfect Medium.” The Tacoma, Washington-based company aims at roasting deep enough to develop sweetness and depth, light enough to leave each coffees’ subtleties intact. Visit www.bluebeardcoffee.com for more information.
This coffee tied for the fourth-highest rating in a cupping of coffees from roasters in the northwestern U.S. for Coffee Review’s April 2020 tasting report. Dapper & Wise was founded in 2013 by co-owners Evan Aldrete and Tyler Geel, who also own Insomnia Coffee. In addition to its roastery, the company operates two coffee shops.  Visit www.dapperandwise.com for more information. 
This coffee tied for the fourth-highest rating in a cupping of coffees from roasters in the northwestern U.S. for Coffee Review’s April 2020 tasting report. Produced by members of the Rebuild Women’s Hope Cooperative entirely of local strains of the Bourbon variety of Arabica and processed by the washed method (fruit skin and pulp are removed before drying). Ghost Town is a small-batch roaster, wholesaler, equipment supplier and training resource located in Bozeman, Montana that takes great care in responsibly sourcing top-quality specialty coffees. Visit www.ghosttowncoffee.com call 406-586-0777 for more information.
This coffee tied for the fourth-highest rating in a cupping of coffees from roasters in the northwestern U.S. for Coffee Review’s April 2020 tasting report. Certified organic. Based in southern Oregon, Noble Coffee is a wholesale and retail roasting company focused on quality, social responsibility and environmental consciousness. Visit www.noblecoffeeroasting.com or call 541-488-3288 for more information.
Produced by Luis Eduardo Campos entirely of the Caturra variety of Arabica and fermented in the whole fruit inside a hermetically sealed vessel, making it a version of what the coffee industry has come to call “anaerobic” or limited-oxygen processing. Revel Coffee is a micro-roaster located in Billings, Montana. Its motto: “Quality is paramount – a difference you can revel in.” Visit www.revelcoffee.com or call 406-534-9621 for more information.
Produced by Rigoberto Herrera at Granja La Esperanza in Colombia, a producer that specializes in innovation, in this case applying a complex version of the natural process to successfully intensify sweetness and fruit to coffee from trees of the normally rather plain-tasting Colombia variety. Roasted at PT’s Coffee, where the motto is “without the love, it’s just coffee.” Visit www.ptscoffee.com or call 888-678-JAVA for more information.
Despite grower discontent and urban encroachment on prime coffee lands, Kenya continues to produce some of the world’s most elegant and distinctive coffees. Quartet Kaffe is an artisan roastery in Taiwan founded in 2018, dedicated to pursuing coffee performance art and offering unique specialty coffee. Visit www.facebook.com/QuartetKaffe for more information.
Produced at Finca La Loma of the Pink Bourbon, Colombia and Castillo varieties of Arabica and processed by the wet, or washed, method. BeanFruit Coffee Co. is an award-winning coffee roasting company located in the Jackson, Mississippi metro area that provides fresh-roasted coffee with a focus on single origins. Visit www.beanfruit.com or call 601-624-2605 for more information.
This coffee was processed by the washed method (fruit skin and pulp removed before drying), then aged for three years in its parchment skins before hulling and shipping. Telluride is an artisan roaster situated at high elevations in Colorado offering an attractive range of single-origins and blends. Visit www.telluridecoffeeroasters.net for more information.
Produced by the Dukunde Kawa Cooperative entirely from local strains of the admired Bourbon variety of Arabica and processed by the wet, or washed, method. JBC Coffee Roasters’ vision is simple: “let the coffee lead the way” through sourcing and roasting the best and most unique coffees available and rewarding the farmers who grow those coffees with substantial premiums. Visit www.jbccoffeeroasters.com or call 608-256-5282 for more information.
Produced by smallholding farmers from the Batian, Bourbon, Jackson, K7, Mbirzi 49,  Mbirizi 68, and SL28 varieties of Arabica and processed by the natural method (dried in the whole fruit). JBC Coffee Roasters’ vision is simple: “let the coffee lead the way” through sourcing and roasting the best and most unique coffees available and rewarding the farmers who grow those coffees with substantial premiums. Visit www.jbccoffeeroasters.com or call 608-256-5282 for more information.
Produced entirely of the Yellow Caturra variety of Arabica, this coffee was processed in the whole fruit inoculated with a wine yeast strain and fermented in sealed bags (“anaerobic” ferment) before being dried using a combination of sun and mechanical methods. Paradise Roasters specializes in micro-lot Arabica and Robusta coffees from Asia and other emerging origins. The company prides itself on quality and freshness, craft-roasting coffees in small batches only after orders are placed. Visit www.paradiseroasters.com or call 763-433-0626 for more information.
Roasted on Tuesdays. Produced entirely of the Red Bourbon variety of Arabica and processed by the honey method, meaning that some fruit flesh or “honey” was allowed to adhere to the beans during drying. Big Shoulders Coffee is a Chicago artisan roaster that emphasizes a fresh-roasted, no-nonsense approach to fine coffee. Visit www.bigshoulderscoffee.com or call 312-888-3042 for more information.
This coffee tied for the fourth-highest rating in a cupping of “desert-island coffees” submitted by roasters for Coffee Review’s May 2020 tasting report. Produced by smallholding farmers entirely of the Red Bourbon variety of Arabica and processed by the wet, or washed, method. Committed to sourcing, roasting and brewing the finest coffees, Temple features coffee from distinguished single estates and cooperatives around the world. Visit www.templecoffee.com or call 916-454-1282 for more information.
Produced by Diego Samuel entirely of the Castillo variety, and processed by the wet, or washed, method. Steady State Roasting is an award-winning small-batch roastery dedicated to the craft and care of providing specialty coffee. The company takes pride in sourcing unique, high-quality coffee direct from farmers so that customers can enjoy fine coffee at home or in the Steady State tasting room in downtown Carlsbad, California. Visit www.steadystateroasting.com for more information.
Produced by Rodrigo Sanchez at Finca Monteblanco entirely of the celebrated Gesha (also spelled Geisha) variety of Arabica and processed by a cold fermentation method. High-sugar ripe coffee fruit is fermented in refrigerated tanks for three days before drying. Steady State Roasting is an award-winning small-batch roastery dedicated to the craft and care of providing specialty coffee. The company takes pride in sourcing unique, high-quality coffee direct from farmers so that customers can enjoy fine coffee at home or in the Steady State tasting room in downtown Carlsbad, California. Visit www.steadystateroasting.com for more information.
A blend of washed-process coffees from Colombia. Peach Coffee Roasters is an Atlanta, Georgia-based specialty roaster. Visit www.peachcoffeeroasters.com for more information.
A blend of washed and natural-processed coffees from the Worka-Sakaro village. Indaba Coffee is a small family-owned business in the heart of Spokane, Washington whose mission is “radical hospitality.” Visit www.indabacoffee.com for more information.
Coffees from the Yirgacheffe region are produced from distinctive, largely indigenous Ethiopian varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. Processed by the natural method (dried in the whole fruit). modcup coffee, founded in 2013, focuses on fresh roasting and distinctive natural-processed coffees. Visit modcup.com for more information.
Certified organic and fair trade. A blend of washed-process Colombia and Rwanda coffees and a natural-processed coffee from Honduras. Established in 2010, Red Rooster is an organic-certified micro-roaster focusing on socially conscious coffee and high-quality coffee. Visit redroostercoffee.com or call 540-745-7338 for more information.
Produced by Hussien Nasser, Mohammed Massaud and Khalid Abdullah of the Dwairi and Typica varieties of Arabica and dried in the whole fruit, as are all Yemen coffees. Exported by Al-Hamdani Mokha. Paradise Roasters specializes in micro-lot Arabica and Robusta coffees from Asia and other emerging origins. The company prides itself on quality and freshness, craft-roasting coffees in small batches only after orders are placed. Visit www.paradiseroasters.com or call 763-433-0626 for more information.
Produced by Bruhwer Coffee entirely of the Typica variety of Arabica and processed by the washed method utilizing a white wine yeast strain in the fermentation step. Paradise Roasters specializes in micro-lot Arabica and Robusta coffees from Asia and other emerging origins. The company prides itself on quality and freshness, craft-roasting coffees in small batches only after orders are placed. Visit www.paradiseroasters.com or call 763-433-0626 for more information.
Produced at Fazenda Cachoeira de Grama entirely of the Yellow Bourbon variety of Arabica and processed by the natural method. Paradise Roasters specializes in micro-lot Arabica and Robusta coffees from Asia and other emerging origins. The company prides itself on quality and freshness, craft-roasting coffees in small batches only after orders are placed. Visit www.paradiseroasters.com or call 763-433-0626 for more information.
Produced by members of the women-led Abakundakawa Cooperative from trees of the Bourbon and Jackson varieties of Arabica and processed by the wet, or washed, method (fruit skin and pulp are removed before drying). Committed to sourcing, roasting and brewing the finest coffees, Temple features coffee from distinguished single estates and cooperatives around the world. Visit www.templecoffee.com or call 916-454-1282 for more information.
Produced by smallholding farmers entirely of the Bourbon variety of Arabica and processed by the wet, or washed, method. Committed to sourcing, roasting and brewing the finest coffees, Temple features coffee from distinguished single estates and cooperatives around the world. Visit www.templecoffee.com or call 916-454-1282 for more information.
Guji is an admired growing region just southeast of the famous Yirgacheffe region, and, like Yirgacheffe, produces coffee largely from indigenous varieties of Arabica long grown in the area. Processed by the natural method (dried in the whole fruit). Kakalove Café is a nano-roaster located in the small city of Chia-Yi in Taiwan that strives to procure and roast the finest quality coffee. Visit www.kakalovecafe.com.tw or email [email protected] for more information.
Produced by members of the COOPAC cooperative, comprised of more than 8,000 smallholding farmers in Rwanda operating 50 washing stations. The Kiroero washing station, source of this coffee, represents 2,012 farmers, approximately 800 of whom are women. From trees of the Bourbon, Jackson and Mbrizzi varieties of Arabica and processed by the washed method (fruit skin and pulp are removed before drying). BeanFruit Coffee Co. is an award-winning coffee roasting company located in the Jackson, Mississippi metro area that provides fresh-roasted coffee with a focus on single origins. Visit www.beanfruit.com or call 601-624-2605 for more information.
Coffees from the Yirgacheffe region are produced from distinctive, largely indigenous Ethiopian varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. Processed by the natural method (dried in the whole fruit). Kakalove Café is a nano-roaster located in the small city of Chia-Yi in Taiwan that strives to procure and roast the finest quality coffee. Visit www.kakalovecafe.com.tw or email [email protected] for more information.
Produced in Ka’u from trees of the Typica and Caturra varieties of Arabica and processed by the washed method (fruit skin and pulp are removed before drying). Kona Roasted showcases single-origin coffees from exceptional Hawai’i farms and farmers in a variety of growing regions. Visit www.konaroasted.com for more information.
Produced by several growers in Huila, entirely of the rare Ethiopia-derived botanical variety Geisha (also spelled Gesha). Processed by the washed method (fruit skin and pulp are removed before drying). Paradise Roasters specializes in micro-lot Arabica and Robusta coffees from Asia and other emerging origins. The company prides itself on quality and freshness, craft-roasting coffees in small batches only after orders are placed. Visit www.paradiseroasters.com or call 763-433-0626 for more information.
A blend of coffees from Brazil, Colombia, Rwanda and the Democratic Republic of the Congo designed for making cold-brewed coffee at home. Committed to sourcing, roasting and brewing the finest coffees, Temple features coffee from distinguished single estates and cooperatives around the world. Visit www.templecoffee.com or call 916-454-1282 for more information.
Produced by Deiro Garcia in Colombia at Finca Lord Baltimore entirely of the Ethiopia landrace Papayo variety, and fermented in the whole fruit inside a hermetically sealed vessel, making it one version of what the coffee industry has come to call “anaerobic” or limited-oxygen processing. Paradise Roasters specializes in micro-lot Arabica and Robusta coffees from Asia and other emerging origins. The company prides itself on quality and freshness, craft-roasting coffees in small batches only after orders are placed. Visit www.paradiseroasters.com or call 763-433-0626 for more information.
Ka’u is a now well-established Hawai’i coffee-growing district centered approximately thirty miles southeast of the famous Kona region. This coffee comes from trees of the traditional Typica variety and was wet-processed, with the fermentation step accomplished in a hermetically sealed vessel, making it a version of what the coffee industry has come to call “anaerobic” or limited-oxygen processing. Paradise Roasters specializes in micro-lot Arabica and Robusta coffees from Asia and other emerging origins. The company prides itself on quality and freshness, craft-roasting coffees in small batches only after orders are placed. Visit www.paradiseroasters.com or call 763-433-0626 for more information.
Produced by Nima Tenzing Sherpa at Lekali Coffee Estate and processed by the wet, or washed, method. Press House ships freshly roasted specialty coffees to the customer’s door within 72 hours of roasting for peak freshness. The company refines the profile of every roast it offers through experimentation and discovery. Visit www.presshousecoffee.com for more information.
Produced in Holualoa, Kona from trees of the classic Typica variety of Arabica and processed by the washed method (fruit skin and pulp are removed before drying). Kona Roasted showcases single-origin coffees from exceptional Hawai’i farms and farmers in a variety of growing regions. Visit www.konaroasted.com for more information.
Produced in Kona from trees of the Typica variety of Arabica and processed by the washed method (fruit skin and pulp are removed before drying). Kona Roasted showcases single-origin coffees from exceptional Hawai’i farms and farmers in a variety of growing regions. Visit www.konaroasted.com for more information.
This exceptional coffee was selected as the No. 17 coffee on Coffee Review’s list of the Top 30 Coffees of 2020.  The coffee tied for the highest rating in a cupping of “desert-island coffees” submitted by roasters for Coffee Review’s May 2020 tasting report. This version of the ancient Mocha-Java blend combines a traditionally processed, wet-hulled Sumatra in place of the original Java and replaces the Yemen Mocha with a similar “natural” or dried-in-the-fruit coffee from Ethiopia. One of the country’s pioneering socially and environmentally progressive roasters, Thanksgiving aimed to combine coffee quality with social and environmental responsibility many years before the latter preoccupations became fashionable. Visit www.thanksgivingcoffee.com or call 800-648-6491 for more information.
This exceptional coffee was selected as the No. 8 coffee on Coffee Review’s list of the Top 30 Coffees of 2020. The coffee tied for the highest rating in a cupping of “desert-island coffees” submitted by roasters for Coffee Review’s May 2020 tasting report. Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one are largely produced from distinctive indigenous Ethiopian varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. Processed by the washed method (fruit skin and pulp are removed before drying). Certified organic. Established in 2010, Red Rooster is an organic-certified micro-roaster focusing on socially conscious coffee and high-quality coffee. Visit redroostercoffee.com or call 540-745-7338 for more information.
This exceptional coffee was selected as the No. 16 coffee on Coffee Review’s list of the Top 30 Coffees of 2020.  The coffee tied for the second-highest rating in a cupping of “desert-island coffees” submitted by roasters for Coffee Review’s May 2020 tasting report. Produced by Ato Tesfaye Bekele and processed by the honey method, which means that the outer skin is removed as it is in the wet or washed process, but at least some of the sticky fruit residue is allowed to dry on the bean. Founded in 2015, the Greater Goods mission is to enrich the lives of coffee-drinkers through passion, creativity, innovation and commitment to the consistency of the specialty coffee the company roasts, and through the local causes supported with its proceeds. Visit greatergoodsroasting.com or call 512-858-2680 for more information.
This coffee tied for the second-highest rating in a cupping of “desert-island coffees” submitted by roasters for Coffee Review’s May 2020 tasting report. Comprised of the SL28, SL34 and Ruiru 11 varieties of Arabica. Kakalove Café is a nano-roaster located in the small city of Chia-Yi in Taiwan that strives to procure and roast the finest quality coffee. Visit www.kakalovecafe.com.tw or email [email protected] for more information.
This coffee tied for the third-highest rating in a cupping of “desert-island coffees” submitted by roasters for Coffee Review’s May 2020 tasting report. Produced entirely from trees of the Red Bourbon variety of Arabica and grown on Hula Daddy’s higher elevation farm. This presentation is named for co-owner Karen Paterson, whose middle name is Jue and whose favorite coffee is the Red Bourbon. Hula Daddy is a boutique coffee producer with farms at the 1,400 and 2,500 foot levels of the Mount Hualalai volcano near the northern end of the Kona growing district, five minutes above the town of Kailua-Kona. Visit www.huladaddy.com or call 888-553-2339 for more information.
This coffee tied for third-highest rating in a cupping of “desert-island coffees” submitted by roasters for Coffee Review’s May 2020 tasting report. Produced by José Guillermo Luttrell Pretto, Jr., of Abu Coffee entirely of the Geisha variety of Arabica and processed by the natural method (dried in the whole fruit).
This coffee tied for the fourth-highest rating in a cupping of “desert-island coffees” submitted by roasters for Coffee Review’s May 2020 tasting report. Coffees from the northern part of the Indonesian island of Sumatra are valued for their complex earth and fruit notes that appear to result largely from unorthodox fruit removal and drying practices called “wet-hulling.” This is a particularly refined example of the type. Cloud City Coffee is a specialty roaster and coffee shop founded in 2002 by roaster Jill Killen. Visit www.cloudcitycoffeeroasting.com.
This coffee tied for the third-highest rating in a cupping of “desert-island coffees” submitted by roasters for Coffee Review’s May 2020 tasting report. Comprised entirely of beans from the rare Sudan Rume, a presumably very old variety of Arabica originally selected from wild trees growing on the Boma Plateau of Sudan, close to the border with Ethiopia. Produced by Rigoberto Herrera at Granja La Esperanza in Colombia and processed by the dried-in-the-fruit, or natural, method. modcup coffee, founded in 2013, focuses on fresh roasting and distinctive natural-processed coffees. Visit modcup.com for more information.
This coffee tied for the third-highest rating in a cupping of “desert-island coffees” submitted by roasters for Coffee Review’s May 2020 tasting report. Produced by Fausto Romo at Finca Carolina entirely of the Sidra variety of Arabica and processed by the wet, or washed, process. Paradise Roasters specializes in micro-lot Arabica and Robusta coffees from Asia and other emerging origins. The company prides itself on quality and freshness, craft-roasting coffees in small batches only after orders are placed. Visit www.paradiseroasters.com or call 763-433-0626 for more information.
This coffee tied for the third-highest rating in a cupping of “desert-island coffees” submitted by roasters for Coffee Review’s May 2020 tasting report. Yirgacheffe is a coffee region in southern Ethiopia that produces distinctive coffees from traditional varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. Processed by the classic washed method (fruit skin and pulp are removed before drying). The WestBean is a San Diego-based roastery founded by two friends with a passion for coffee and a determination to bring their customers the highest quality hand-crafted coffee possible. Visit www.thewestbean.com or call 619-709-3232 for more information.
This coffee tied for the third-highest rating in a cupping of “desert-island coffees” submitted by roasters for Coffee Review’s May 2020 tasting report. The celebrated Geisha (also spelled Gesha) variety of Arabica first came to the coffee world’s attention growing in Panama. This particular version, however, is the outcome of successful efforts to commercialize Geisha in the region from which it originally came, western Ethiopia, from seed selected from wild trees of the Geisha variety in the nearby Gori Gesha forest. Processed by the natural method (dried in the whole fruit). Plat Coffee is a specialty roaster and café in Hong Kong. For more information, visit www.platcoffee.com.
This coffee tied for the fourth-highest rating in a cupping of “desert-island coffees” submitted by roasters for Coffee Review’s May 2020 tasting report. Muungano, the name of this cooperative, means “togetherness” in Swahili. One-third of the coop’s members are women, many of whom were widowed by war. Produced entirely from trees of strains of the Bourbon variety of Arabica and processed by the washed method (fruit skin and pulp are removed before drying). Certified organic. An integral part of New York’s coffee renaissance, Brooklyn-based Café Grumpy opened its first café in 2005 and has since expanded to 10 locations in New York, including a roasting facility, and one in Miami. Visit www.cafegrumpy.com or call 718-383-0748 for more information.
This coffee tied for the fourth-highest rating in a cupping of “desert-island coffees” submitted by roasters for Coffee Review’s May 2020 tasting report. Produced by Luis and Rigoberto Herrera at Las Margaritas Farm entirely of the Yellow Bourbon variety of Arabica and processed by the washed or wet method (fruit skin and pulp are removed before drying). Located in southwestern Colorado, Durango Coffee lays claim to a rich coffee history that dates to 1986. Its motto is “Tough Town, Great Coffee.” Visit www.durangocoffee.com or call 800-748-2275 for more information.
A select microlot, produced by smallholding members of the Suyusama social cooperative from trees of the Colombia, Caturra and Castillo varieties of Arabica and processed by the wet, or washed, method. Bird Rock Coffee Roasters is a retailer and wholesaler focused on organic and socially responsible coffees; it was awarded the “2012 Micro-Roaster of the Year” title by Roast Magazine. Visit www.birdrockcoffee.com or call 858-551-1707 for more information.
Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one are largely produced from indigenous Ethiopian varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. This one was processed by a variation on the anaerobic or “limited-oxygen” method. Vennel Coffee is a Taiwan-based specialty coffee roaster. For more information, visit www.vennelcoffee.com.tw.
Despite grower discontent and urban encroachment on prime coffee lands, Kenya continues to produce some of the world’s most elegant and distinctive coffees. De Clieu Coffee is a Taiwan-based roaster whose mission it is to explore extraordinary coffees. For more information, visit www.facebook.com/declieucoffeetaipei.
This exceptional coffee was selected as the No. 26 coffee on Coffee Review’s list of the Top 30 Coffees of 2020.  Produced on a small farm in the Ka’u growing region from trees of the huge-beaned Maragogipe variety of Arabica and processed by the washed method (fruit skin and pulp are removed before drying). Big Island Coffee is an award-winning coffee roaster and coffee farm operated with hands-on passion by Kelleigh Stewart and Brandon von Damitz. Visit www.bigislandcoffeeroasters.com for more information.
Produced by Alla Kostenko and Rus Kuznetsov at their Wood Valley farm, comprised of the Typica and Caturra varieties of Arabica and processed by the washed method (fruit skin and pulp are removed before drying). Big Island Coffee is an award-winning coffee roaster and coffee farm operated with hands-on passion by Kelleigh Stewart and Brandon von Damitz. Visit www.bigislandcoffeeroasters.com for more information.
Produced at Aloha Hills Farm and processed by the wet, or washed method, (fruit skin and pulp are removed before drying). Maragogype is a seldom-grown variety of Arabica that produces enormous beans. Visit www.rustyshawaiian.com or call 808-928-8916 for more information.
Certified organic. Ethiopia coffees like this one are produced largely from local, indigenous varieties of Arabica. Produced by smallholding members of the Nano Challa Cooperative and processed by the wet, or washed, method (fruit skin and pulp are removed before drying). Paradise Roasters specializes in micro-lot Arabica and Robusta coffees from Asia and other emerging origins. The company prides itself on quality and freshness, craft-roasting coffees in small batches only after orders are placed. Visit www.paradiseroasters.com or call 763-433-0626 for more information.
Produced by smallholding members of the Koetintji Barokah Cooperative of the Andung Sari and Sigararutang varieties of Arabica and processed by the wet, or washed, method. JBC Coffee Roasters’ vision is simple: “let the coffee lead the way” through sourcing and roasting the best and most unique coffees available and rewarding the farmers who grow those coffees with substantial premiums. Visit www.jbccoffeeroasters.com or call 608-256-5282 for more information.
Produced by Wilmar Castillo at Vista Al Bosque farm from the Bourbon and Caturra varieties of Arabica and processed by the wet, or washed, method (fruit skin and pulp are removed before drying). Oak & Bond is a specialty retail and wholesale coffee roaster based in Charlotte, North Carolina. The company’s name combines “oak,” a reference to its first coffee, a barrel-aged release, and “bond,” referring to the founders’ happy marriage. For more information, visit www.oakandbondcoffee.com.
A blend of wash-processed coffees (fruit skin and pulp are removed before drying) from Guatemala and Ethiopia. Oak & Bond is a specialty retail and wholesale coffee roaster based in Charlotte, North Carolina. The company’s name combines “oak,” a reference to its first coffee, a barrel-aged release, and “bond,” referring to the founders’ happy marriage. For more information, visit www.oakandbondcoffee.com.
Certified organic. Produced from trees of the Typica variety of Arabica and processed by the wet, or washed, method (fruit is removed before drying). This sample consists entirely of peaberries, a kind of bean that results when the coffee fruit develops only a single, oval bean rather than the usual pair of flat-sided beans. Hala Tree Coffee is a family-owned organic Kona coffee farm located in the heart of the Kona coffee belt, overlooking historic Kealakekua Bay. The 100% Kona Coffee produced on this USDA organic-certified property is processed and roasted on site to ensure quality. For more information, visit www.halatreecoffee.com.
A single-origin coffee from Bali, processed by the wet-hulled method, the processing method associated with the most characteristic coffees of Sumatra. Mooju Coffee is named after a combination of the husband-and-wife founders’ names (Moojin and Julie). The Temecula, California-based roastery was founded on their mutual passion for all things coffee. For more information, visit www.moojucoffee.com.
Produced by the Kibugu Farmer Cooperative Society(FCS) from trees of the celebrated SL28 and SL34 varieties of Arabica. GK Coffee provides quality specialty coffee to consumers and retailers. For more information, visit www.gkcoffee.com.tw or email [email protected]
A blend comprised of 50% Ethiopia Yirgacheffe Adame Gorbota and 50% Guatemala Huehuetenango Adiestso, both washed-process coffees. Pursuing its core values of honesty, kindness, quality and teamwork, Fidalgo Coffee’s mission aims high: transforming the way specialty coffee is experienced in the U.S. For more information, visit www.fidalgocoffee.com.
Produced at Los Lagos farm entirely of the rare Ethiopia-derived botanical variety Geisha (also spelled Gesha). Processed by the washed method (fruit skin and pulp are removed before the beans are dried). Kakalove Café is a nano-roaster located in the small city of Chia-Yi in Taiwan that strives to procure and roast the finest quality coffee. Visit www.kakalovecafe.com.tw or email [email protected] for more information.
Produced by Gonzalo Hernandez at his Coffea Diversa “coffee garden” in Costa Rica entirely of the Deweverei variety of coffea Liberica. Liberica is a species of coffee native to central Africa and long cultivated in parts of Southeast Asia. Processed by the carbonic maceration natural method, which involves fermenting whole fruit inside a sealed container that has been flushed with CO2. Paradise Roasters specializes in micro-lot Arabica and Robusta coffees from Asia and other emerging origins. The company prides itself on quality and freshness, craft-roasting coffees in small batches only after orders are placed. Visit www.paradiseroasters.com or call 763-433-0626 for more information.
Produced by the Nano Genji cooperative in Ethiopia’s Jimma Zone. Ethiopia coffees like this one are produced largely from local, indigenous varieties of Arabica. Processed by the wet or washed method (fruit skin and pulp are removed before drying). JBC Coffee Roasters’ vision is simple: “let the coffee lead the way” through sourcing and roasting the best and most unique coffees available and rewarding the farmers who grow those coffees with substantial premiums. Visit www.jbccoffeeroasters.com or call 608-256-5282 for more information.
Certified organic. Produced entirely from trees of the admired Bourbon variety of Arabica. A washed-process coffee (fruit is removed before drying). Hala Tree Coffee is a family-owned organic Kona coffee farm in the heart of the Kona coffee belt, overlooking historic Kealakekua Bay. The 100% Kona Coffee produced on this USDA organic-certified property is processed and roasted on site to ensure quality. For more information, visit www.halatreecoffee.com.
Certified organic. Produced entirely from trees of the Typica variety of Arabica. A washed-process coffee (fruit is removed before drying). Hala Tree Coffee is a family-owned organic Kona coffee farm located near Captain Cook village, in the heart of the Kona coffee belt, overlooking historic Kealakekua Bay. The 100% Kona Coffee produced on this USDA organic-certified property is processed and roasted on site to ensure quality. For more information, visit www.halatreecoffee.com.
Produced by the Rodriguez family of Finca Kusillo entirely of the Caturra variety of Arabica and processed by the wet, or washed, method. Corvus Coffee Roasters is based in Denver, Colorado and specializes in rare and exclusive coffees from some of the finest growers in the world. Corvus particularly focuses on processing methods and selective harvesting, which result in small, seasonal micro-lots of uniquely sweet, vibrant, and clean flavor profiles. For more information, visit www.corvuscoffee.com.
Ethiopia coffees like this one are produced largely from local, indigenous varieties of Arabica. Produced by smallholding members of the Nano Challa Cooperative and processed by the wet, or washed, method (fruit skin and pulp are removed before drying). Committed to sourcing, roasting and brewing the finest coffees, Temple features coffee from distinguished single estates and cooperatives around the world. Visit www.templecoffee.com or call 916-454-1282 for more information.
Produced by smallholding farmers of the Gayo 1, Gayo 2, P88, Abyssinia, and Ateng Super varieties of Arabica and and processed by the wet, or washed, method. Revel Coffee is a micro-roaster located in Billings, Montana. Its motto: “Quality is paramount – a difference you can revel in.” Visit www.revelcoffee.com or call 406-534-9621 for more information.
A blend comprised of a natural-processed coffee from Brazil and two washed-process coffees, a Colombia and an Ethiopia. Founded in 2015 by roaster James Parrish, Rhetoric Coffee is roasted at CoRo, Bay Area Co-Roasters (www.corocoffee.com), a collaborative community roasting space in Berkeley, California. Visit www.rhetoriccoffee.com for more information.
From an admired growing region in the southernmost Colombia Department of Nariño and comprised of the Castillo, Caturra and Colombia varieties of Arabica; processed by the wet, or washed method. Revel Coffee is a micro-roaster located in Billings, Montana. Its motto: “Quality is paramount – a difference you can revel in.” Visit www.revelcoffee.com or call 406-534-9621 for more information.
Certified organic and fair trade. Produced by CENFROCAFE of the Caturra and Catimor varieties of Arabica and processed by the honey method, in which some fruit flesh (“honey”) is allowed to adhere to the beans during drying. The company name Amavida combines the Spanish words for love and life, reflecting Amavida’s multifaceted commitment to fairness and fine coffee. For more information, visit www.amavida.com or call 850-213-1965.
Kakalove Café is a nano-roaster located in the small city of Chia-Yi in Taiwan that strives to procure and roast the finest quality coffee. Visit www.kakalovecafe.com.tw or email [email protected] for more information.
A blend of washed-process coffees from El Salvador and Peru; 5% of net profits from sales of this coffee goes to support the work of the South Yuba River Citizens League in protecting and restoring the Yuba River. Founded in 2015 by roaster James Parrish, Rhetoric Coffee is roasted at CoRo, Bay Area Co-Roasters (www.corocoffee.com), a collaborative community roasting space in Berkeley, California. Visit www.rhetoriccoffee.com for more information.
Produced by Elvis Tineo Rafael of the Bourbon, Caturra and Catuai varieties of Arabica and processed by the wet, or washed, method. Committed to sourcing, roasting and brewing the finest coffees, Temple features coffee from distinguished single estates and cooperatives around the world. Visit www.templecoffee.com or call 916-454-1282 for more information.
A blend of a natural-processed coffee from Brazil and a washed-process coffee from Costa Rica. Founded in 2015 by roaster James Parrish, Rhetoric Coffee is roasted at CoRo, Bay Area Co-Roasters (www.corocoffee.com), a collaborative community roasting space in Berkeley, California. Visit www.rhetoriccoffee.com for more information.
Produced at Black Rock Farm, overlooking Kona’s Kealakekua Bay, entirely of the Typica variety of Arabica and processed by the wet, or washed, method. Paradise Roasters specializes in micro-lot Arabica and Robusta coffees from Asia and other emerging origins. The company prides itself on quality and freshness, craft-roasting coffees in small batches only after orders are placed. Visit www.paradiseroasters.com or call 763-433-0626 for more information.
Yirgacheffe is a coffee region in southern Ethiopia that produces distinctive coffees largely from indigenous varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. This is a “natural” or dry-processed version (beans are dried in the whole fruit). Dragonfly Coffee, named 2019 Micro-Roaster of the Year by Roast magazine, is now based in Henderson, Nevada. Visit dragonflycoffeeroasters.com or call 303-579-2154 for more information.
Available for delivery in the San Francisco Bay Area; no mail order. Produced entirely of the Colombia and Caturra varieties of Arabica and processed by the wet, or washed, method. Founded by roaster Keith Gehrke in 2015, States Coffee is a single-location community-focused coffee shop in downtown Martinez, California, featuring coffee roasted in-house and artisan baked goods. Visit www.statescoffee.com for more information.
Produced by smallholding farmers of the Gayo 1, Gayo 2, P88, Abyssinia, and Ateng Super varieties of Arabica and processed by the wet, or washed, method. Paradise Roasters specializes in micro-lot Arabica and Robusta coffees from Asia and other emerging origins. The company prides itself on quality and freshness, craft-roasting coffees in small batches only after orders are placed. Visit www.paradiseroasters.com or call 763-433-0626 for more information.
Coffees from the northern part of the Indonesian island of Sumatra are valued for their complex earth and fruit notes that appear to result largely from unorthodox fruit removal and drying practices called “wet-hulling.” This is a particularly refined example of the type. Kakalove Café is a nano-roaster located in the small city of Chia-Yi in Taiwan that strives to procure and roast the finest quality coffee. Visit www.kakalovecafe.com.tw or email [email protected] for more information.
Certified organic. Available for delivery in the San Francisco Bay Area; no mail order. Produced by members of the Asociación Civil Guaya'b of the Typica, Bourbon, Caturra and Catuai varieties of Arabica and processed by the wet, or washed, method. Founded by roaster Keith Gehrke in 2015, States Coffee is a single-location, community-focused coffee shop in downtown Martinez, California, featuring coffee roasted in-house and artisan baked goods. Visit www.statescoffee.com for more information.
Produced at Ching-Ye farm in Taiwan entirely of the SL34 variety of Arabica and processed by the natural method (dried in the whole fruit). Kakalove Café is a nano-roaster located in the small city of Chia-Yi in Taiwan that strives to procure and roast the finest quality coffee. Visit www.kakalovecafe.com.tw or email [email protected] for more information.
Produced by the Nano Genji cooperative in Ethiopia’s Jimma Zone. Ethiopia coffees like this one are produced largely from local, indigenous varieties of Arabica. Processed by the wet or washed method (fruit skin and pulp are removed before drying). JBC Coffee Roasters’ vision is simple: “let the coffee lead the way” through sourcing and roasting the best and most unique coffees available and rewarding the farmers who grow those coffees with substantial premiums. Visit www.jbccoffeeroasters.com or call 608-256-5282 for more information.
Produced by Ignacio Quintero of the Caturra, Colombia and Castillo varieties of Arabica and processed by the wet, or washed, method. JBC Coffee Roasters’ vision is simple: “let the coffee lead the way” through sourcing and roasting the best and most unique coffees available and rewarding the farmers who grow those coffees with substantial premiums. Visit www.jbccoffeeroasters.com or call 608-256-5282 for more information.
Produced by Luis Pedro Zelaya Zamora of the Bourbon and Caturra varieties of Arabica and processed by the wet, or washed, method (fruit is removed from the beans before drying). JBC Coffee Roasters’ vision is simple: “let the coffee lead the way” through sourcing and roasting the best and most unique coffees available and rewarding the farmers who grow those coffees with substantial premiums. Visit www.jbccoffeeroasters.com or call 608-256-5282 for more information.
One of the world’s most celebrated coffees presented in a Nespresso-compatible capsule. With its bold, boat-shaped beans and distinctive floral and crisply cacao-toned cup, Geisha (also Gesha) continues to be one of the world’s most celebrated and sought-after coffee varieties, and the Hacienda La Esmeralda Geishas remain among the most authentic. This is a wet-processed or “washed” version. Difference Coffee aims to present only the finest of the world’s coffees as determined by green coffee competitions and other measures of distinction, tactfully roasted and presented in capsules compatible with Nespresso capsule brewing systems. For more information visit www.differencecoffee.com.
Produced by Tony Castro of Finca La Joya entirely of the Paraneima variety of Arabica and processed by the natural method. RamsHead Coffee Roasters is a family-owned company founded by Bozeman, Montana natives Caleb and Laura Walker. RamsHead specializes in direct trade, microlot coffees. For more information, visit www.ramsheadcoffee.com.
A blend of anaerobic-processed Brazil and natural-processed Costa Rica coffees. RamsHead Coffee Roasters is a family-owned company founded by Bozeman, Montana natives Caleb and Laura Walker. RamsHead specializes in direct trade, microlot coffees. For more information, visit www.ramsheadcoffee.com.
This coffee tied for the second-highest rating in a tasting of ready-to-drink black coffees for Coffee Review’s July 2020 tasting report. Collage Coffee is a micro-roastery featuring specialty coffee and house brewed kombucha. The green coffee used is a natural-processed Ethiopia Yirgacheffe. Contains no additives or ingredients other than coffee and water. Colläge works with local artists to promote fine arts in its region, and loves serving its community. This coffee is available for purchase at the Collage store and cafe, 221 South Broad Street, Grove City, Pennsylvania.
This coffee tied for the highest rating in a tasting of ready-to-drink black coffees for Coffee Review’s July 2020 tasting report. Prepared by the cold-brew method, which involves prolonged steeping of ground coffee in cold or room-temperature water and subsequent filtering. Contains no additives or ingredients other than coffee and water. The green coffee used is a washed-process Ethiopia Nano Challa. Bonfire Coffee is a Colorado-based roaster and café centered around the metaphor of a Bonfire that represents community and coffee. For more information, visit www.bonfirecoffee.com.
This coffee tied for the highest rating in a tasting of ready-to-drink black coffees for Coffee Review’s July 2020 tasting report. Prepared by the cold-brew method, which involves prolonged steeping of ground coffee in cold or room-temperature water and subsequent filtering. Contains no additives or ingredients other than coffee and water. The green coffee used is a washed Brazil Ipanema that was processed in an atypical way, including a 34-hour pre-drying period on patio, followed by 44 hours in vertical driers before storage in double-barrier bags, at which point the roaster surmises that fermentation continues, resulting in a winy aroma and flavor more often associated with natural-processed coffees. The roaster sells this coffee as whole bean for NT $500/200 grams. GK Coffee is a nano-roastery in Yilan, Taiwan that offers both retail and wholesale coffee. For more information, visit www.gkcoffee.com.tw or email [email protected]
Produced at Hacienda Tobosi entirely of the Villa Sarchi variety of Arabica and processed by the black honey method, in which the skins are removed from the fruit but virtually all of the pulp is allowed to dry on the beans, often resulting in a deep, pungent profile. Atom Coffee Roasters is a specialty roaster based in Douliou City, Taiwan. For more information, visit https://m.facebook.com/atomcoffee2019/.
A blend comprised of coffees from Brazil, Guatemala, Ethiopia and Indonesia and designed for espresso applications. Atom Coffee is a specialty roaster based in Douliou City, Taiwan. For more information, visit https://m.facebook.com/atomcoffee2019/.
Comprised entirely of beans from the rare Sudan Rume, a presumably very old variety of Arabica originally selected from wild trees growing on the Boma Plateau of Sudan, close to the border with Ethiopia. Produced by Rigoberto Herrera at Granja La Esperanza in Colombia and processed by the wet, or washed, method. Founded in 2013, modcup coffee focuses on fresh roasting and distinctive natural-processed coffees. Visit modcup.com for more information.
Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one are produced from traditional Ethiopian varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. Processed by the wet or washed method (fruit skin and pulp removed before drying). Founded in 2013, modcup coffee focuses on fresh roasting and distinctive natural-processed coffees. Visit modcup.com for more information.
Certified organic. Produced entirely from trees of the Red Bourbon variety of Arabica and processed by the dry or “natural” method, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit rather than after the fruit has been removed, as is the case with wet-processed or "washed" coffees. Limited release available only as part of Hala Tree's Tasting Club.  Hala Tree Coffee is a family-owned organic Kona coffee farm in the heart of the Kona coffee belt, overlooking historic Kealakekua Bay. The 100% Kona Coffee produced on this USDA organic-certified property is processed and roasted on site to ensure quality. For more information, visit www.halatreecoffee.com.
This coffee comes from four growing regions in Yemen: Hajja, Haraz, Beni Ismael and Beni Matar. Although Ethiopia is the botanical home of Coffea Arabica, Yemen introduced the beverage to the rest of the world in the 16th and 17th centuries, and Yemen coffee is still grown from ancient cultivars of arabica on stone-walled terraces. All Yemen coffees are natural-processed, or dried in the whole fruit. This particular Yemen may owe its striking aromatics to ancient tree varieties, but its clean elegance is most likely owing to the efforts of exporter Rayyan Mill in the capital of Sana’a, which has worked with farmers to improve picturesque but often haphazard harvesting and drying procedures. Baba Java is a specialty roaster and cafe retailer located in Hoover Alabama that strives to provide the best coffee experience at every step. Visit www.babajavacoffee.com or call 205-777-5984 for more information.
A blend of two coffees from Ethiopia and one from Yemen, all natural-processed, or dried in the whole fruit. Baba Java is a specialty roaster and cafe retailer located in Hoover Alabama that strives to provide the best coffee experience at every step. Visit www.babajavacoffee.com or call 205-777-5984 for more information.
Comprised entirely of coffees from the Catimor variety of Arabica and processed by the natural method, meaning the beans were dried in the whole fruit. Baba Java is a specialty roaster and cafe retailer located in Hoover Alabama that strives to provide the best coffee experience at every step. Visit www.babajavacoffee.com or call 205-777-5984 for more information.
An espresso blend comprised of a washed-process Kenya, two natural-processed Ethiopias, and a semi-washed or honey Colombia. Choosy Gourmet is a cafe in Kaohsiung, Taiwan, where founder Howard Hung’s mission is to highlight the “living soul” of each coffee. Visit www.choosygourmet.com, https://www.facebook.com/choosy.gourmet, email [email protected] or call +886-7-3509609 for more information.
An espresso blend comprised of three washed-process coffees respectively from El Salvador, Ethiopia and Colombia. RamsHead Coffee Roasters is a family-owned company founded by Bozeman, Montana natives Caleb and Laura Walker. RamsHead specializes in direct trade microlot coffees. For more information, visit www.ramsheadcoffee.com.
This exceptional coffee was selected as the No. 7 coffee on Coffee Review’s list of the Top 30 Coffees of 2020. Produced by smallholding members of the Rungeto Farmers' Cooperative Society of the SL28, SL34, Ruiru 11 and Batian varieties of Arabica. JBC Coffee Roasters’ vision is simple: “let the coffee lead the way” through sourcing and roasting the best and most unique coffees available and rewarding the farmers who grow those coffees with substantial premiums. Visit www.jbccoffeeroasters.com or call 608-256-5282 for more information.
Produced by smallholding members of the Rungeto Farmers' Cooperative Society of the SL28, SL34, Ruiru 11 and Batian varieties of Arabica. JBC Coffee Roasters’ vision is simple: “let the coffee lead the way” through sourcing and roasting the best and most unique coffees available and rewarding the farmers who grow those coffees with substantial premiums. Visit www.jbccoffeeroasters.com or call 608-256-5282 for more information.
Produced by Ciro Lugo of Finca San Pedro and processed by the wet, or washed, method. Corvus Coffee Roasters is based in Denver, Colorado and specializes in rare and exclusive coffees from some of the finest growers in the world. Corvus particularly focuses on processing methods and selective harvesting, which result in small, seasonal micro-lots of uniquely sweet, vibrant, and clean flavor profiles. For more information, visit www.corvuscoffee.com.
This exceptional coffee was selected as the No. 25 coffee on Coffee Review’s list of the Top 30 Coffees of 2020.  Produced entirely from trees of Bourbon-related varieties of Arabica by members of the SOPACDI coop. Located overlooking Lake Kivu, on the opposite side of the lake from Rwanda, this rapidly growing cooperative now has nearly 6,000 members and apparently is succeeding in its goal to help heal wounds left by the latest in eastern Congo’s seemingly endless string of horrific rebellions and civil wars. A wet-processed or “washed” coffee (fruit skin and pulp are removed before drying); certified organically grown and fair trade. Conscious Cup Coffee Roasters is an independent and family-owned and -operated cafe and coffee roaster specializing in socially and environmentally sustainable coffees. Visit www.consciouscup.com or call 815-356-0115 for more information.
Produced from trees of the Caturra, Castillo and Colombia varieties of Arabica and processed by the wet, or washed, method. Oak & Bond is a specialty retail and wholesale coffee roaster based in Charlotte, North Carolina. The company’s name combines “oak,” a reference to its first coffee, a barrel-aged release, and “bond,” referring to the founders’ happy marriage. For more information, visit www.oakandbondcoffee.com.
Produced by Raul Lombana Horta of Finca El Floral from trees of the Caturra, Colombia and Castillo varieties of Arabica and processed by the wet, or washed, method. JBC Coffee Roasters’ vision is simple: “let the coffee lead the way” through sourcing and roasting the best and most unique coffees available and rewarding the farmers who grow those coffees with substantial premiums. Visit www.jbccoffeeroasters.com or call 608-256-5282 for more information.
Produced by Marta Yaneth Lemus of Finca San Antonio entirely of the Geisha variety of Arabica and processed by the natural method (i.e., dried in the whole fruit). Paradise Roasters specializes in micro-lot Arabica and Robusta coffees from Asia and other emerging origins. The company prides itself on quality and freshness, craft-roasting coffees in small batches only after orders are placed. Visit www.paradiseroasters.com or call 763-433-0626 for more information.
Produced by Wilfredo Trujillo Mota of Los Alpes Farm, entirely of the Pink Bourbon variety of Arabica and processed by the honey method, in which some fruit flesh (“honey”) is allowed to adhere to the beans during drying. Bird Rock Coffee Roasters is a retailer and wholesaler focused on organic and socially responsible coffees; it was awarded the “2012 Micro-Roaster of the Year” title by Roast Magazine. Visit www.birdrockcoffee.com or call 858-551-1707 for more information.
Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one are largely produced from distinctive indigenous Ethiopian varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. This is a dry-processed or “natural” version, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit rather than after the fruit has been removed, as is the case with washed coffees. Kakalove Café is a nano-roaster located in the small city of Chia-Yi in Taiwan that strives to procure and roast the finest quality coffee. Visit www.kakalovecafe.com.tw or email [email protected] for more information.
Produced at Zhuo-Wu Farm in Alishan entirely of the Geisha variety of Arabica and processed by the natural method, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit rather than after the fruit has been removed, as is the case with washed coffees. Kakalove Café is a nano-roaster located in the small city of Chia-Yi in Taiwan that strives to procure and roast the finest quality coffee. Visit www.kakalovecafe.com.tw or email [email protected] for more information.
This exceptional coffee was selected as the No. 20 coffee on Coffee Review’s list of the Top 30 Coffees of 2020. A blend of coffees composed of a natural-process Ethiopia Kayon Mountain and a washed-process DR Congo SOPACDI. All Rise is a collaboration between RND (Roasters Next Door) Coffee and Red Rooster Coffee Roaster to bring awareness to racial injustice and promote systemic equity in the U.S.  Proceeds from this coffee benefit Dream Corps and the work they do in driving criminal justice reform, building a greener economy, and creating equity in the tech industry. To learn more, visit RND at https://www.roanokecoffee.com/ or Red Rooster at https://redroostercoffee.com/shop/coffees/all/all-rise. 
Produced by smallholding farmers of the Dukunde Kawa Cooperative near a mountain gorilla habitat in central Rwanda. Processed by the dry or “natural” method, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit rather than after the fruit has been removed, as is the case with wet-processed or "washed" coffees. Located in southwestern Colorado, Durango Coffee lays claim to a rich coffee history that dates to 1986. Its motto is “Tough Town, Great Coffee.” Visit www.durangocoffee.com or call 800-748-2275 for more information.
Ethiopia coffees like this one are produced largely from local, indigenous varieties of Arabica. Produced by smallholding members of the Nano Challa Cooperative and processed by the wet, or washed, method (fruit skin and pulp are removed before drying). JBC Coffee Roasters’ vision is simple: “let the coffee lead the way” through sourcing and roasting the best and most unique coffees available and rewarding the farmers who grow those coffees with substantial premiums. Visit www.jbccoffeeroasters.com or call 608-256-5282 for more information.
Produced at the Menendez Family Farm entirely of the big-beaned Pacamara variety of Arabica and processed by the wet, or washed, method. RamsHead Coffee Roasters is a family-owned company founded by Bozeman, Montana natives Caleb and Laura Walker. RamsHead specializes in direct trade microlot coffees. For more information, visit www.ramsheadcoffee.com.
Produced by Gonzalo Hernandez entirely of the celebrated Geisha variety of Arabica and processed by the washed method. Available as part of a Geisha sampler. Paradise Roasters specializes in micro-lot Arabica and Robusta coffees from Asia and other emerging origins. The company prides itself on quality and freshness, craft-roasting coffees in small batches only after orders are placed. Visit www.paradiseroasters.com or call 763-433-0626 for more information.
Produced by Luis Pedro Zelaya Zamora from trees of the Bourbon and Caturra varieties of Arabica and processed by the washed method. Conscious Cup Coffee Roasters is an independent and family-owned and -operated cafe and coffee roaster specializing in socially and environmentally sustainable coffees. Visit www.consciouscup.com or call 815-356-0115 for more information.
Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one are largely produced from distinctive indigenous Ethiopian varieties of Arabica long grown in their respective regions. Processed by the wet or washed method (fruit skin and pulp are removed before drying). Jackrabbit Java selects the finest coffees from around the world and roasts them in Thermopolis, Wyoming’s mountain air. All Jackrabbit Java coffees are specialty-grade and roasted to order. Visit www.jackrabbitjava.com for more information.
This coffee was sourced by the importer Royal Coffee, decaffeinated at the Descamex plant in Mexico by a water-only process that does not involve use of solvents, and sold to roasters under the name “Royal Select Water Decaf.” Jackrabbit Java selects the finest coffees from around the world and roasts them in Thermopolis, Wyoming’s mountain air. All Jackrabbit Java coffees are specialty-grade and roasted to order. Visit www.jackrabbitjava.com for more information.
Produced by Jim Chestnut and Edna Arakawa of Second Alarm Farm from trees of the Red Caturra and Typica varieties of Arabica. This coffee was processed in the whole fruit inoculated with a wine yeast strain and fermented in sealed bags (“anaerobic” ferment) before being dried using a combination of sun and mechanical methods. Paradise Roasters specializes in micro-lot Arabica and Robusta coffees from Asia and other emerging origins. The company prides itself on quality and freshness, craft-roasting coffees in small batches only after orders are placed. Visit www.paradiseroasters.com or call 763-433-0626 for more information.
Produced by Luis Alberto entirely of the Kenya-originated SL28 variety of Arabica and processed by the natural method. Paradise Roasters specializes in micro-lot Arabica and Robusta coffees from Asia and other emerging origins. The company prides itself on quality and freshness, craft-roasting coffees in small batches only after orders are placed. Visit www.paradiseroasters.com or call 763-433-0626 for more information.
Produced by Israel Hernandez of Finca Buenos Aires entirely of the Geisha variety of Arabica and processed by the washed method. Available as part of a Geisha sampler of three coffees. Paradise Roasters specializes in micro-lot Arabica and Robusta coffees from Asia and other emerging origins. The company prides itself on quality and freshness, craft-roasting coffees in small batches only after orders are placed. Visit www.paradiseroasters.com or call 763-433-0626 for more information.
A blend of coffees from Indonesia, Costa Rica and Brazil roasted for espresso, all fair trade, organic and Rainforest Alliance certified. Wheelys Café Taiwan is a certified-organic mobile café with the mission of linking people together with great coffee. Visit http://www.wheelys.com.tw for more information.
Produced by members of the Asociación de Cafetaleros de Santa Cruz from trees of the Typica, Caturra and Bourbon varieties of Arabica and processed by the washed method. Paradise Roasters specializes in micro-lot Arabica and Robusta coffees from Asia and other emerging origins. The company prides itself on quality and freshness, craft-roasting coffees in small batches only after orders are placed. Visit www.paradiseroasters.com or call 763-433-0626 for more information.
Produced by Charles Denison of Elephant Coast Estate from the rare, tiny-beaned South African indigenous coffee species Racemosa, and processed by the washed method. Available as part of Rare Coffees Tour. Paradise Roasters specializes in micro-lot Arabica and Robusta coffees from Asia and other emerging origins. The company prides itself on quality and freshness, craft-roasting coffees in small batches only after orders are placed. Visit www.paradiseroasters.com or call 763-433-0626 for more information.
A blend of coffees from Ethiopia, Colombia and Guatemala, all certified fair trade and organic, roasted for espresso. Wheelys Café Taiwan is a certified-organic mobile café with the mission of linking people together with great coffee. Visit http://www.wheelys.com.tw for more information.
Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one are largely produced from distinctive indigenous Ethiopian varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. This is a dry-processed or “natural” version, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit rather than after the fruit has been removed, as is the case with washed coffees. Atom Coffee is a specialty roaster based in Douliou City, Taiwan. For more information, visit https://m.facebook.com/atomcoffee2019/.
Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one are largely produced from distinctive indigenous Ethiopian varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. Processed by the natural method (dried in the whole fruit). David's Nose is a specialty coffee roaster based in Taipei, Taiwan whose founder studied agronomy and has a deep interest in crop quality. For more information, visit www.dnose.com.tw.
Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one are largely produced from distinctive indigenous Ethiopian varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. Processed by the washed method (fruit skin and pulp are removed before drying). Atom Coffee is a specialty roaster based in Douliou City, Taiwan. For more information, visit https://m.facebook.com/atomcoffee2019/.
Produced by smallholding members of the Rungeto Cooperative Society from trees of the SL34 and SL28 varieties of Arabica. Processed by a particularly meticulous Kenya variation on the traditional wet or “washed” method (fruit skin and pulp are removed before drying). 94 Fresh Coffee is a specialty coffee roaster based in Kaohsiung City that specializes in espresso, including training and machine sales. Wholesale pricing available for all coffees. Visit https://www.facebook.com/94freshcoffee/ for more information.
Comprised entirely of the Bourbon variety of Arabica and processed by the wet, or washed, method (fruit skin and pulp are removed before drying). Wholesale pricing available for all coffees. 94 Fresh Coffee is a specialty coffee roaster based in Kaohsiung City that specializes in espresso, including training and machine sales. Visit https://www.facebook.com/94freshcoffee/ for more information.
Produced from distinctive traditional varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. This is a dry-processed or “natural” version, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit rather than after the fruit has been removed, as is the case with wet-processed or “washed” coffees. Brain Helmet is a Wisconsin-based specialty roaster that provides retails and wholesale coffees, as well as education and training. For more information, visit www.brainhelmetcoffee.com.
Ethiopia coffees like this one are produced largely from local, indigenous varieties of Arabica. Produced by smallholding members of the Kata Mudaga Cooperative Union and processed by the wet, or washed, method (fruit skin and pulp are removed before drying). Brain Helmet is a Wisconsin-based specialty roaster that provides retails and wholesale coffees, as well as education and training. For more information, visit https://brainhelmetcoffee.com/.
Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one are largely produced from distinctive indigenous Ethiopian varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. This is a dry-processed or “natural” version, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit rather than after the fruit has been removed, as is the case with washed coffees. Atomic Coffee Roasters is a retail and wholesale coffee roaster on the North Shore of Massachusetts with a cafe in Beverly and roastery in Salem. Visit www.atomicroastery.com or call 978-910-0489 for more information.
Certified USDA organic. Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one are produced from traditional Ethiopian varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. It was processed by the wet or washed method (fruit skin and pulp are removed before drying). Ethiopia coffees processed with this method typically express great aromatic complexity and intensity, with a particular emphasis on floral notes. Wonderstate Coffee, formerly Kickapoo Coffee, is an award-winning roaster based in rural Wisconsin known for its commitment to guaranteeing higher pay for farmers and being the country’s first 100% solar-powered roastery. Visit https://wonderstate.com/ for more information.
Certified USDA organic. A blend comprised of three coffees: a washed-process Ethiopia, a natural-process Ethiopia, and a washed-process Peru. Wonderstate Coffee, formerly Kickapoo Coffee, is an award-winning roaster based in rural Wisconsin known for its commitment to guaranteeing higher pay for farmers and being the country’s first 100% solar-powered roastery. Visit https://wonderstate.com/ for more information.
Certified USDA organic. Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one are produced from traditional Ethiopian varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. Processed by the wet or washed method (fruit skin and pulp are removed before drying). Ethiopia coffees processed with this method typically express great aromatic complexity and intensity, with a particular emphasis on floral notes. Wonderstate Coffee, formerly Kickapoo Coffee, is an award-winning roaster based in rural Wisconsin known for its commitment to guaranteeing higher pay for farmers and being the country’s first 100% solar-powered roastery. Visit https://wonderstate.com/ for more information.
Produced by Miles Mayne of Silver Cloud Farm entirely of the Red Caturra variety of Arabica and processed by the washed method. Founded by roaster Heather Brisson-Lutz in 2018, Origin Coffee Roasters highlights the origin of each carefully selected coffee with a roast profile that highlights the specific characteristics of the green. Visit www.origincoffeemaui.com for more information.
Produced by Miles Mayne of Silver Cloud Farm entirely of the Red Caturra variety of Arabica and processed by the washed method. Founded by roaster Heather Brisson-Lutz in 2018, Origin Coffee Roasters highlights the origin of each carefully selected coffee with a roast profile that highlights the specific characteristics of the green. Visit www.origincoffeemaui.com for more information.
A blend of coffees from Brazil, Guatemala and Indonesia. Cafe Arles is a specialty coffee roaster in Hsinchu, Taiwan. Visit www.arlescafe.com for more information.
This exceptional coffee was selected as the No. 14 coffee on Coffee Review’s list of the Top 30 Coffees of 2020.  The coffee tied for the highest rating in a cupping of coffees roasted by Black-owned coffee companies for Coffee Review’s August 2020 report. Produced by smallholding farmers from trees of the rare indigenous Ethiopia Wush Wush variety of Arabica. Processed by fermenting the fresh coffee fruit in an oxygen-free environment before drying it in the whole fruit. Equiano Coffee was founded in 2013 by the Udosenatas family. For more information, visit www.equianocoffee.com.
This exceptional coffee was selected as the No. 12 coffee on Coffee Review’s list of the Top 30 Coffees of 2020. The coffee tied for the highest rating in a cupping of coffees roasted by Black-owned coffee companies for Coffee Review’s August 2020 report. Produced by smallholding members of the Karehe Cooperative entirely of the Bourbon variety of Arabica and processed by the washed method at the SIVCA Mill. Founded in 2012 by Efrem Fesaha, Boon Boona specializes in coffees from African origins. For more information, visit www.boonboonacoffee.com.
This coffee tied for the second-highest rating in a cupping of coffees roasted by Black-owned coffee companies for Coffee Review’s August 2020 report. Produced by German Peña of Finca Roblar from trees of the Caturra, Castillo and Colombia varieties of Arabica and processed by the washed method. BeanFruit Coffee Co. is an award-winning coffee roasting company located in the Jackson, Mississippi metro area that provides fresh-roasted coffee with a focus on single origins. Visit www.beanfruit.com or call 601-624-2605 for more information.
This coffee tied for the second-highest rating in a cupping of coffees roasted by Black-owned coffee companies for Coffee Review’s August 2020 report. Certified fair trade. Limu (also Limmu) is a growing region in southern Ethiopia that produces distinctive coffees from traditional varieties of Arabica long grown in the area. Processed by the natural method (dried in the whole fruit). BLK & Bold pledges 5% of its profits to initiatives aligned to sustaining youth programming, enhancing workforce development, and eradicating youth homelessness. Visit www.blkandbold.com for more information.
This exceptional coffee was selected as the No. 18 coffee on Coffee Review’s list of the Top 30 Coffees of 2020. The coffee tied for the second-highest rating in a cupping of coffees roasted by Black-owned coffee companies for Coffee Review’s August 2020 report. Produced by Samuel Zevala Gonzalez entirely of the big-beaned Maracaturra variety of Arabica and processed by the honey method, in which some fruit flesh (“honey”) is allowed to adhere to the beans during drying. Dávila Kafe was founded by David and Gaïna Dávila to highlight coffees from the underrepresented origins of Haiti and Nicaragua. Visit www.davilakafe.com for more information.
This coffee tied for the second-highest rating in a cupping of coffees roasted by Black-owned coffee companies for Coffee Review’s August 2020 report. Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one are largely produced from distinctive indigenous Ethiopian varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. Processed by the natural method (dried in the whole fruit). Merge is a specialty coffee roaster in Harrisonburg, Virginia dedicated to ethical sourcing of high-quality coffees. Visit www.mergecoffeeco.com for more information.
This coffee tied for the second-highest rating in a cupping of coffees roasted by Black-owned coffee companies for Coffee Review’s August 2020 report. Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one are largely produced from distinctive indigenous Ethiopian varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. Processed by the natural method (dried in the whole fruit). Atlanta’s Portrait Coffee was designed “to change the picture that comes to mind when folks think of specialty coffee — to include the black and brown folks who have been cropped out.” Visit www.portrait.coffee for more information.
This coffee tied for the third-highest rating in a cupping of coffees roasted by Black-owned coffee companies for Coffee Review’s August 2020 report. Ka’u is an emerging Hawai’i coffee-growing district centered approximately 30 miles southeast of the famous Kona region. This 100% Ka’u coffee was developed by Lorie Obra of Rusty’s, one of Ka’u’s best-known and most celebrated farms. Produced from trees of the traditional Typica variety and processed by the washed method. Visit www.rustyshawaiian.com or call 808-928-8916 for more information.
This coffee tied for the fourth-highest rating in a cupping of coffees roasted by Black-owned coffee companies for Coffee Review’s August 2020 report. Produced by smallholding members of the Morumba Cooperative, of which Kahawa 1893 founder Margaret Nyamumbo’s family are members. Comprised of coffees from trees of the SL28, SL 34 and Blue Mountain varieties of Arabica. Kahawa 1893 was founded by Nyamumbo, a third-generation Kenyan coffee farmer, with the intention of empowering women farmers, who are not adequately compensated in the supply chain. The company offers customers a QR code for tipping the farmers. Visit www.kahawa1893.com for more information.
This coffee tied for the fourth-highest rating in a cupping of coffees roasted by Black-owned coffee companies for Coffee Review’s August 2020 report. Red Bay Coffee Roasters was founded in 2014 by Keba Konte, a renowned artist and successful food entrepreneur with deep roots in the San Francisco Bay Area specialty coffee and hospitality industry. Red Bay seeks to create unity by hiring and serving people of all backgrounds, and striving to be diverse and inclusive of those who have traditionally been left out of the specialty coffee industry: people of color, the formerly incarcerated, women and people with disabilities. Visit www.redbaycoffee.com for more information.
This coffee tied for the fourth-highest rating in a cupping of coffees roasted by Black-owned coffee companies for Coffee Review’s August 2020 report. From the slopes of Mt. Elgon in far western Kenya rather than from the more familiar growing regions of central Kenya. Produced by the approximately 1,000 small-holding members of the Kapsakiso cooperative from trees of the admired SL28 and SL34 varieties of Arabica and processed by the washed method. RND, aka Roasters Next Door, is a Roanoke, Virginia-based specialty coffee roastery and coffee lounge. Visit www.roanokecoffee.com for more information.
This coffee earned the fifth-highest rating in a cupping of coffees roasted by Black-owned coffee companies for Coffee Review’s August 2020 report. Coffee trees were brought to Haiti in 1715 when the country was colonized by the French. Farmed by enslaved people, most crops were destroyed in the Haitian revolution of 1791. Efforts to revitalize the coffee industry in Haiti continue in the face of a series of natural disasters and ongoing deforestation. Dávila Kafe was founded by David and Gaïna Dávila to highlight coffees from the underrepresented origins of Haiti and Nicaragua. Visit www.davilakafe.com for more information.
This coffee tied for the third-highest rating in a cupping of coffees roasted by Black-owned coffee companies for Coffee Review’s August 2020 report. Founded by Candy Schibli in 2016, Southeastern Roastery is committed to promoting the cultural exchange, open dialogue, and collective creativity that coffee communion has historically nurtured. Visit www.southeasternroastery.com for more information.
This coffee tied for the fourth-highest rating in a cupping of coffees roasted by Black-owned coffee companies for Coffee Review’s August 2020 report. Produced by members of the Terra Association entirely of the Geisha variety of Arabica and processed by the honey method, in which some fruit flesh (“honey”) is allowed to adhere to the beans during drying. Dr. Bean’s is a small-batch coffee roaster and café based in Memphis, Tennessee. Visit https://dr-beans-coffee-and-tea.myshopify.com/ for more information.
Produced by Gilma Munoz from trees of the Caturra, Colombia and Castillo varieties of Arabica and processed by the washed method. JBC Coffee Roasters’ vision is simple: “let the coffee lead the way” through sourcing and roasting the best and most unique coffees available and rewarding the farmers who grow those coffees with substantial premiums. Visit www.jbccoffeeroasters.com or call 608-256-5282 for more information.
Produced by smallholding farmers and processed at the Gatuya wet mill. Despite grower discontent and urban encroachment on prime coffee lands, Kenya continues to produce some of the world’s most elegant and distinctive coffees. Drink Coffee Do Stuff has a roastery in Truckee, California and a coffee shop in nearby Incline Village, Nevada. Visit www.drinkcoffeedostuff.com for more information.
A seasonal espresso blend comprised of a washed-process Ethiopia Kayon Mountain and a natural-processed coffee from the same farm. Established in 2010, Red Rooster is an organic-certified micro-roaster focusing on socially conscious coffee, high-quality coffee. Visit redroostercoffee.com or call 540-745-7338 for more information.
Produced by members of the Kibugu Farmer's Cooperative Society and comprised of coffees from trees of the SL 28, Ruiru 11 and Batian varieties of Arabica. Committed to sourcing, roasting and brewing the finest coffees, Temple features coffee from distinguished single estates and cooperatives around the world. Visit www.templecoffee.com or call 916-454-1282 for more information.
Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one are produced largely from local, indigenous varieties of Arabica. Produced by smallholding members of the Nano Challa Cooperative and processed by the wet, or washed, method (fruit skin and pulp are removed before drying). SkyTop Coffee is a USDA certified-organic specialty coffee roaster based in Manlius, New York. For more information, visit skytopcoffee.com. 
Produced by the Hassen family at their estate farm in the Guji Zone from distinctive traditional varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. This is a dry-processed or “natural” version, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit rather than after the fruit has been removed, as is the case with wet-processed or “washed” coffees. Certified USDA organic. Established in 2010, Red Rooster is an organic-certified micro-roaster focusing on socially conscious coffee and high-quality coffee. Visit redroostercoffee.com or call 540-745-7338 for more information.
This exceptional coffee was selected as the No. 30 coffee on Coffee Review’s list of the Top 30 Coffees of 2020.  Produced by smallholding members of the Aprocanorsi Cooperative from trees of the Caturra and Catimor varieties of Arabica and processed by the washed method (fruit skin and pulp are removed before drying). SkyTop Coffee is a USDA certified-organic specialty coffee roaster based in Manlius, New York. For more information, visit skytopcoffee.com.
Produced by the Hassen family at their estate farm in the Guji Zone from distinctive traditional varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. Processed by the wet or washed method (fruit skin and pulp are removed before drying). Established in 2010, Red Rooster is an organic-certified micro-roaster focusing on socially conscious coffee and high-quality coffee. Visit redroostercoffee.com or call 540-745-7338 for more information.
A single-origin washed-process coffee from Rwanda. 421 Brew House is a specialty coffee roaster founded in 2019 in Calgary, Alberta, Canada. Visit www.421brewhouse.com for more information.
A single-origin washed-process coffee from Guatemala. 421 Brew House is a specialty coffee roaster founded in 2019 in Calgary, Alberta, Canada. Visit www.421brewhouse.com for more information.
Certified organic. Emiliani Coffee, named after Gerolamo Emiliani, aka St. Jerome, donates $1 or every bag of coffee sold to organizations that are fighting for kids in the foster care and adoption system. Visit www.emilianicoffee.com for more information.
Certified organic and Fair Trade. Emiliani Coffee, named after Gerolamo Emiliani, aka St. Jerome, donates $1 or every bag of coffee sold to organizations that are fighting for kids in the foster care and adoption system. Visit www.emilianicoffee.com for more information.
Certified organic. Emiliani Coffee, named after Gerolamo Emiliani, aka St. Jerome, donates $1 or every bag of coffee sold to organizations that are fighting for kids in the foster care and adoption system. Visit www.emilianicoffee.com for more information.
Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one are largely produced from distinctive indigenous Ethiopian varieties of Arabica long grown in their respective regions. Processed by the wet or washed method, in which skin and fruit flesh are removed from the beans or seeds before they are dried. Indaba Coffee is a small family-owned business in the heart of Spokane, Washington whose mission is “radical hospitality.” Visit www.indabacoffee.com for more information.
Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one are largely produced from distinctive indigenous Ethiopian varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. This is a dry-processed or “natural” version, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit rather than after the fruit has been removed, as is the case with washed coffees. Indaba Coffee is a small family-owned business in the heart of Spokane, Washington whose mission is “radical hospitality.” Visit www.indabacoffee.com for more information.
Yirgacheffe is a coffee region in southern Ethiopia that produces distinctive coffees largely from indigenous varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. This is a “natural” or dry-processed version (beans are dried in the whole fruit). Indaba Coffee is a small family-owned business in the heart of Spokane, Washington whose mission is “radical hospitality.” Visit www.indabacoffee.com for more information.
This exceptional coffee was selected as the No. 9 coffee on Coffee Review’s list of the Top 30 Coffees of 2020. Despite challenges ranging from unclear government coffee policy and urban encroachment on prime coffee lands to chronically unstable weather, the famed Kenya coffee auction system and its participating cooperatives continue to produce some of the world’s most elegant and distinctive coffees. Processed by a particularly meticulous Kenya variation on the traditional wet or “washed” method, in which skin and fruit flesh are removed from the beans or seeds before they are dried. Kakalove Café is a nano-roaster located in the small city of Chia-Yi in Taiwan that strives to procure and roast the finest quality coffee. Visit www.kakalovecafe.com.tw or email [email protected] for more information.
Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one are largely produced from distinctive indigenous Ethiopian varieties of Arabica long grown in their respective regions. Processed by the wet or washed method, in which skin and fruit flesh are removed from the beans or seeds before they are dried. Kakalove Café is a nano-roaster located in the small city of Chia-Yi in Taiwan that strives to procure and roast the finest quality coffee. Visit www.kakalovecafe.com.tw or email [email protected] for more information.
Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one are largely produced from distinctive indigenous Ethiopian varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. This is a dry-processed or “natural” version, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit rather than after the fruit has been removed, as is the case with washed coffees. Wonderstate Coffee, formerly Kickapoo Coffee, is an award-winning roaster based in rural Wisconsin known for its commitment to guaranteeing higher pay for farmers and being the country’s first 100% solar-powered roastery. Visit https://wonderstate.com/ for more information.
This coffee tied for the second-highest rating in a cupping of washed-process coffees from Central America and Mexico for Coffee Review’s September 2020 report. Produced by Luis Pedro Zelaya Zamora from trees of the Bourbon and Caturra varieties of Arabica and processed by the washed method. Atom Coffee is a specialty roaster based in Douliou City, Taiwan. For more information, visit https://m.facebook.com/atomcoffee2019/.
This coffee tied for the second-highest rating in a cupping of washed-process coffees from Central America and Mexico for Coffee Review’s September 2020 report. Produced by Olvin Valle of Finca Cruz Grande entirely from trees of the Catuai variety of Arabica and processed by the washed method. Triple Coffee, headquartered in San Francisco's Marina District, is a high-end specialty coffee company that specializes in microlots from Honduras. Visit www.triplecoffee.co for more information. 
This coffee tied for the second-highest rating in a cupping of washed-process coffees from Central America and Mexico for Coffee Review’s September 2020 report. Produced at Finca San Vicente entirely of trees of the Catuai, Pacas and Lempira varieties of Arabica. Small Eyes Café is a small, family-owned coffee shop in Yilan, Taiwan, specializing in artisanally roasted specialty coffee and homemade desserts. Visit https://www.facebook.com/Smalleyescafe for more information.
This coffee tied for the third-highest rating in a cupping of washed-process coffees from Central America and Mexico for Coffee Review’s September 2020 report. Produced by Marco Tullio Sabillion entirely from trees of the Parainema variety of Arabica and processed by the washed method. Founded by Paul Massard and Chris Nolte, Per’la focuses on meticulous sourcing and roasting fine coffees in small batches. Visit www.drinkperla.com for more information.
This coffee tied for the third-highest rating in a cupping of washed-process coffees from Central America and Mexico for Coffee Review’s September 2020 report. Produced by smallholding members of Asocafe Canet entirely from trees of the Caturra variety of Arabica and processed by the washed method. CofFeeling Coffee is based in Kaohsiung City in southern Taiwan. Visit www.coffeelingcafe.com or call +886-7-285-5300 for more information.
Produced by Healeanna Georgalis of Moplaco Kawo Kamina Farm from trees of the Gemadro and other local, landrace varieties of Arabica and processed by the natural method. Paradise Roasters specializes in micro-lot Arabica and Robusta coffees from Asia and other emerging origins. The company prides itself on quality and freshness, craft-roasting coffees in small batches only after orders are placed. Visit www.paradiseroasters.com or call 763-433-0626 for more information.
A blend of coffees from Colombia, Guatemala and Ethiopia roasted for espresso. Kakalove Café is a nano-roaster located in the small city of Chia-Yi in Taiwan that strives to procure and roast the finest quality coffee. Visit www.kakalovecafe.com.tw or email [email protected] for more information.
Produced at Black Rock Farm, overlooking Kona’s Kealakekua Bay, entirely of the Typica variety of Arabica. This lot was fermented in the whole fruit with wine yeasts, then dried, still in the whole fruit. Paradise Roasters specializes in micro-lot Arabica and Robusta coffees from Asia and other emerging origins. The company prides itself on quality and freshness, craft-roasting coffees in small batches only after orders are placed. Visit www.paradiseroasters.com or call 763-433-0626 for more information.
A blend of green coffees produced by Finca El General in Acatenango, Guatemala and processed by the wet or washed method (fruit skin and pulp are removed before drying).  Kakalove Café is a nano-roaster located in the small city of Chia-Yi in Taiwan that strives to procure and roast the finest quality coffee. Visit www.kakalovecafe.com.tw or email [email protected] for more information.
A blend of coffees from Ethiopia, Nicaragua and Guatemala roasted for espresso. Kakalove Café is a nano-roaster located in the small city of Chia-Yi in Taiwan that strives to procure and roast the finest quality coffee. Visit www.kakalovecafe.com.tw or email [email protected] for more information.
Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one are largely produced from distinctive indigenous Ethiopian varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. Processed by the wet or washed method (fruit skin and pulp are removed before drying). De Clieu Coffee is a Taiwan-based roaster whose mission it is to explore extraordinary coffees. For more information, visit www.facebook.com/declieucoffeetaipei.
Produced by Oscar and Francisca Chacon entirely from trees of the Caturra variety of Arabica; certified organically grown. Processed by the “natural” or dry method, meaning the beans were dried inside the entire fruit rather than after the soft fruit residue has been removed, as is the case with wet-processed or “washed” coffees. Located in southwestern Colorado, Durango Coffee lays claim to a rich coffee history that dates to 1986. Its motto is “Tough Town, Great Coffee.” Visit www.durangocoffee.com or call 800-748-2275 for more information. 
Coffees from the northern part of the Indonesian island of Sumatra are valued for their complex earth and fruit notes that appear to result largely from unorthodox fruit removal and drying practices called “wet-hulling.” This is a particularly refined example of the type, produced in the Lintong region south of Lake Toba, one of the oldest and arguably the most admired of Sumatra growing regions. Peacock Coffee Roaster is a specialty coffee roaster in Taipei, Taiwan. Visit https://www.facebook.com/Peacock.Coffee.Roaster for more information.
Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one are largely produced from distinctive indigenous Ethiopian varieties of Arabica long grown in their respective regions. This is a dry-processed or “natural” version, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit rather than after the fruit has been removed, as is the case with wet-processed or “washed” coffees. Dory Coffee Roasters is a Taipei-based nano-roaster of specialty coffee. For more information, visit https://www.facebook.com/dorycoffee99/.
Produced by Minor Esquival Picado at Finca La Pastora from trees of the Caturra, Catuai and Typica varieties of Arabica and processed by the washed method. Atomic Coffee Roasters is a retail and wholesale coffee roaster on the North Shore of Massachusetts with a cafe in Beverly and roastery in Salem. Visit www.atomicroastery.com or call 978-910-0489 for more information.
Produced by the Kinne family from trees of the Bourbon and Typica varieties of Arabica and processed by the washed method. Lamppost Coffee Roasters is a specialty roaster in Bonney Lake, Washington founded by Jeff and Valorie King. Visit www.lamppostcoffee.com for more information.
Yirgacheffe is a coffee region in southern Ethiopia that produces distinctive coffees largely from landrace varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. This is a “natural” or dry-processed version (beans are dried in the whole fruit). Dragonfly Coffee, named 2019 Micro-Roaster of the Year by Roast magazine, is now based in Henderson, Nevada. Visit dragonflycoffeeroasters.com or call 303-579-2154 for more information.
Produced from the SL-28 and SL-34 varieties of Arabica. AA is the highest grade of Kenya coffee based on bean size and fewest physical imperfections. Dragonfly Coffee, named 2019 Micro-Roaster of the Year by Roast magazine, is now based in Henderson, Nevada. Visit dragonflycoffeeroasters.com or call 303-579-2154 for more information.
Produced by Omar Arango Tinoco of Finca San Luís entirely from trees of the Gesha (also spelled Geisha) variety of Arabica and processed by the honey method, in which some fruit flesh (“honey”) is allowed to adhere to the beans during drying. Peach Coffee Roasters is an Atlanta, Georgia-based specialty roaster. Visit www.peachcoffeeroasters.com for more information.
Produced by smallholding farmers and processed at the Karani wet mill from trees of the SL28, SL34, Ruiru 11 and Batian varieties of Arabica. JBC Coffee Roasters’ vision is simple: “let the coffee lead the way” through sourcing and roasting the best and most unique coffees available and rewarding the farmers who grow those coffees with substantial premiums. Visit www.jbccoffeeroasters.com or call 608-256-5282 for more information.
This blend of coffees from Brazil, Guatemala and Sumatra is Nostalgia Coffee Roasters’ first offering since adding a roasting operation to its successful third-wave mobile coffee shop. Founded by Taylor Fields in 2018, Nostalgia will continue to roll out new coffees for online sale. Visit www.nostalgiacoffeeroasters.com for more information.
Produced by Don Luis Campos of Cordillera del Fuego and processed by the “thermic” method, in which beans, with skins removed, are heated with some of the fruit flesh or mucilage still adhering to them. The exposure to heat starts to break down the natural sugars of the mucilage, partially caramelizing it. This coffee was imported by Genuine Origin, a specialty-focused coffee importer based in Irvington, New York. Collage Coffee is a micro-roastery featuring specialty coffee and house brewed kombucha. Colläge works with local artists to promote fine arts in its region, and loves serving its community. This coffee is available for purchase at the Collage store and cafe, 221 South Broad Street, Grove City, Pennsylvania.
This exceptional coffee was selected as the No. 2 coffee on Coffee Review’s list of the Top 30 Coffees of 2020. Produced by Jim Chestnut and Edna Arakawa of Second Alarm Farm from trees of the Caturra and Typica varieties of Arabica and processed by the washed method with the addition of wine yeasts. Paradise Roasters specializes in micro-lot Arabica and Robusta coffees from Asia and other emerging origins. The company prides itself on quality and freshness, craft-roasting coffees in small batches only after orders are placed. Visit www.paradiseroasters.com or call 763-433-0626 for more information.
Produced at Black Rock Farm entirely from trees of the Typica variety of Arabica and processed by the pink honey method, in which coffee is fermented in cherries first, resulting in a vibrant pink tinge to the fruit upon removing the skin. The coffee is laid to dry on patios with the fruit still attached to the parchment, commonly called honey processing. In the fermentation, yeast strains have been utilized to enhance the floral and tropical fruit character of the coffee. Paradise Roasters specializes in micro-lot Arabica and Robusta coffees from Asia and other emerging origins. The company prides itself on quality and freshness, craft-roasting coffees in small batches only after orders are placed. Visit www.paradiseroasters.com or call 763-433-0626 for more information.
Produced by the Hassen family at their estate farm in the Guji Zone from distinctive traditional varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. This is a dry-processed or “natural” version, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit rather than after the fruit has been removed, as is the case with wet-processed or “washed” coffees. Certified USDA organic. Founded in 1990, Lexington Coffee is an award-winning artisan roasting company based in Virginia. Lexington’s focus on fresh, distinctive and sustainable coffee is reflected in its motto, “Fresh, Flavorful & Fair.” Visit www.lexingtoncoffee.com or call 800-322-6505 for more information.
Produced at Fazenda Recreio and comprised entirely of the Yellow Bourbon variety of Arabica processed by the natural method. Plat Coffee is a specialty roaster and café in Hong Kong. For more information, visit www.platcoffee.com.
Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one are largely produced from distinctive indigenous Ethiopian varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. Processed by the natural method (dried in the whole fruit). JBC Coffee Roasters’ vision is simple: “let the coffee lead the way” through sourcing and roasting the best and most unique coffees available and rewarding the farmers who grow those coffees with substantial premiums. Visit www.jbccoffeeroasters.com or call 608-256-5282 for more information. 
Produced by Armiyadi, a small farm in the Aceh region of Sumatra, entirely from trees of the Ateng Super hybrid variety of Arabica and processed by the Indonesia wet-hulled method. JBC Coffee Roasters’ vision is simple: “let the coffee lead the way” through sourcing and roasting the best and most unique coffees available and rewarding the farmers who grow those coffees with substantial premiums. Visit www.jbccoffeeroasters.com or call 608-256-5282 for more information. 
Certified organic. Produced by Roberto Fabrizzio Marin Jimenez from trees of the Catuaí and Caturra varieties of Arabica and carefully processed by the mechanically washed method. JBC Coffee Roasters’ vision is simple: “let the coffee lead the way” through sourcing and roasting the best and most unique coffees available and rewarding the farmers who grow those coffees with substantial premiums. Visit www.jbccoffeeroasters.com or call 608-256-5282 for more information. 
Matagalpa is one of the classic growing regions of Nicaragua. This washed-process coffee is comprised entirely of the Catuaí variety of Arabica. David's Nose Coffee is a specialty coffee roaster based in Taipei, Taiwan whose founder studied agronomy and has a deep interest in crop quality. For more information, visit www.dnose.com.tw.
This coffee earned the highest rating in a cupping of washed-process coffees from Central America and Mexico for Coffee Review’s September 2020 report. Produced by Emilio Vasquez Landaverde at Finca Santa Elena entirely of trees of the Pacamara variety of Arabica and processed by the washed method. GK Coffee is a nano-roastery in Yilan, Taiwan that offers both retail and wholesale coffee. For more information, visit www.gkcoffee.com.tw or email [email protected]
This coffee tied for the second-highest rating in a cupping of washed-process coffees from Central America and Mexico for Coffee Review’s September 2020 report. Produced by Carolos Rivas at La Union Farm from trees of the Bourbon and Caturra varieties of Arabica and processed by the washed method. Founded in 1994, Kaldi's Coffee is a quality-oriented small-batch roaster with several cafes throughout Missouri. Visit www.kaldiscoffee.com or call 888-892-6333 for more information.
This coffee tied for the third-highest rating in a cupping of washed-process coffees from Central America and Mexico for Coffee Review’s September 2020 report. Produced by Aida Batlle of Finca Kilimanjaro entirely from trees of the Bourbon and Kenia varieties of Arabica and processed by the washed method. Founded in 1995 by Brooke McDonnell and Helen Russell, Equator Coffees operates retail stores in the San Francisco Bay Area and provides coffee to hundreds of wholesale accounts. Visit www.equatorcoffees.com or call 800-809-7687 for more information.
This coffee tied for the third-highest rating in a cupping of washed-process coffees from Central America and Mexico for Coffee Review’s September 2020 report. Produced by Luis Pedro Zelaya Zamora from trees of the Bourbon and Caturra varieties of Arabica and processed by the washed method. Highwire Coffee Roasters is a small-batch coffee roaster located in Emeryville, California. Established in 2011, Highwire pursues the straightforward goal of sharing the coffees it loves with the community. Visit www.highwirecoffee.com or call 510-420-0473 for more information.
This coffee tied for the third-highest rating in a cupping of washed-process coffees from Central America and Mexico for Coffee Review’s September 2020 report. Produced by Rosalba Cifuentes of Mayan Village Coffee in Chiapas from trees of the Bourbon, Catimor, and Caturra varieties of Arabica and processed by the washed method. Mr. Espresso is a San Francisco Bay Area wholesale roaster and espresso parts distributor that slow-roasts its coffees using traditional wood-fired roasting machines. Visit www.mrespresso.com or call 510-287-5200 for more information.
This coffee tied for the third-highest rating in a cupping of washed-process coffees from Central America and Mexico for Coffee Review’s September 2020 report. Produced by Don Eusebio at his farm in Chaguites, Honduras entirely from trees of the Catuai variety of Arabica and processed by the washed method. Plat Coffee is a specialty roaster and café in Hong Kong. For more information, visit www.platcoffee.com.
This coffee tied for the third-highest rating in a cupping of washed-process coffees from Central America and Mexico for Coffee Review’s September 2020 report. Produced by Enrique Mena Gutierrez in association with the Biokrop Project by Tierra Bendita entirely from trees of the Pacamara variety and processed by the washed method. Established in 2010, Red Rooster is an organic-certified micro-roaster focusing on socially conscious coffee, high-quality coffee. Visit redroostercoffee.com or call 540-745-7338 for more information.
This coffee tied for the second-highest rating in a cupping of washed-process coffees from Central America and Mexico for Coffee Review’s September 2020 report. Produced by Lucia Ortiz at Finca Las Mercedes from trees of the SL28 and Bourbon varieties of Arabica and processed by the washed method. Bird Rock Coffee Roasters is a retailer and wholesaler focused on organic and socially responsible coffees; it was awarded the “2012 Micro-Roaster of the Year” title by Roast Magazine. Visit www.birdrockcoffee.com or call 858-551-1707 for more information.
This coffee tied for the second-highest rating in a cupping of washed-process coffees from Central America and Mexico for Coffee Review’s September 2020 report. Produced by Alejandro and Fredy Morales from trees of the Bourbon and Typica varieties of Arabica and processed by the washed method. Corvus Coffee Roasters is based in Denver, Colorado and specializes in rare and exclusive coffees from some of the finest growers in the world. Corvus particularly focuses on processing methods and selective harvesting, which result in small, seasonal micro-lots of uniquely sweet, vibrant, and clean flavor profiles. For more information, visit www.corvuscoffee.com.
Beachcomber Coffee is a craft coffee company founded in 2015 and based in Gibsons on the southwest coast of British Columbia. For more information, visit www.beachcombercoffee.com.
An espresso blend comprised of a washed-process Guatemala (Finca Las Terrazas) and a natural-processed Ethiopia (Guji Kayon Mountain). Founded in 2015, States Coffee is a community-focused coffee and bread company in the Bay Area of California, featuring coffee roasted in-house and artisan-baked goods. Beans available in-store only. Visit www.statescoffee.com for more information.
Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one are produced from distinctive traditional Ethiopian landrace varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. Processed by the wet or washed method (fruit skin and pulp are removed before drying). Bird Rock Coffee Roasters is a retailer and wholesaler focused on organic and socially responsible coffees; it was awarded the “2012 Micro-Roaster of the Year” title by Roast Magazine. Visit www.birdrockcoffee.com or call 858-551-1707 for more information.
Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one are largely produced from distinctive indigenous Ethiopian landrace varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. Processed by the wet or washed method (fruit skin and pulp are removed before drying). The company name Amavida combines the Spanish words for love and life, reflecting Amavida’s multifaceted commitment to fairness and fine coffee. For more information, visit www.amavida.com or call 850-213-1965.
Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one are produced from distinctive traditional Ethiopian landrace varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. Processed by the wet or washed method (fruit skin and pulp are removed before drying). Roasted at PT’s Coffee, where the motto is “without the love, it’s just coffee.” Visit www.ptscoffee.com or call 888-678-JAVA for more information.
Certified USDA Organic. Yirgacheffe is a coffee region in southern Ethiopia that produces distinctive coffees from indigenous varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. This is a “natural” or dry-processed version, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit, encouraging a flavor profile that is rounder and lower-toned than the more familiar wet-processed floral- and citrus-toned Yirgacheffe profile. The company name Amavida combines the Spanish words for love and life, reflecting Amavida’s multifaceted commitment to fairness and fine coffee. For more information, visit www.amavida.com or call 850-213-1965.
A blend of coffees from Kenya and Colombia, both washed-process, designed for pour-over brewing. Evie’s Café, based in Chia-Yi Taiwan, specializes in fine roasted coffees as well as pour-overs and cold-brews. Visit https://m.facebook.com/eviescafe88/ for more information.
SL28 and SL34 are varieties famous for producing the great coffees of Kenya. The trees that produced this coffee were formerly thought to consist of the SL28 variety, but have now been determined through DNA analysis to be SL34. It was grown at the higher elevation Hula Daddy farm and processed with the fermentation step conducted “dry” (no water added to the tank) using commercial yeast. It is a limited-edition coffee only available for sale through the allocation list on the Hula Daddy website. Visit www.huladaddy.com or call 888-553-2339 for more information. 
Comprised of Kona-grown “Hawai’i-grade” coffee processed by the washed method and infused with 500mg of Bulletproof™ MCT oil and 100% pure CBD isolate per 8 ounces of coffee. Rooster Roastery is a coffee farm and roastery in Kona, Hawai’i that specializes in CBD coffees. Visit https://roosterroasterycbd.com/ for more information.
Produced at Kona’s Black Rock Farms entirely of the Typica variety of Arabica and processed by the anaerobic method with the addition of spices to the tank during the fermentation step. Paradise Roasters specializes in micro-lot Arabica and Robusta coffees from Asia and other emerging origins. The company prides itself on quality and freshness, craft-roasting coffees in small batches only after orders are placed. Visit www.paradiseroasters.com or call 763-433-0626 for more information.
Produced in Taiwan from trees of the Caturra variety of Arabica and processed by the natural, dried-in-the-whole-fruit method. The Formosa Coffee is a New York-based roaster specializing exclusively in high-quality coffees grown in Taiwan. For more information, visit www.theformosacoffee.com.
Doi Pangkhon is an emerging growing district in the Golden Triangle region of northern Thailand. This Arabica coffee from classic cultivars was processed by a particularly meticulous version of the wet or “washed” method, in which skin and fruit flesh are removed from the beans or seeds before they are dried. It was roasted in a style intended for both espresso and non-espresso brewing methods. Paradise Roasters specializes in micro-lot Arabica and Robusta coffees from Asia and other emerging origins. The company prides itself on quality and freshness, craft-roasting coffees in small batches only after orders are placed. Visit www.paradiseroasters.com or call 763-433-0626 for more information.
Produced by the Reko Farming Cooperative from indigenous tree varieties long grown in the region and processed by the washed method (fruit skin and pulp are removed before drying). Committed to sourcing, roasting and brewing the finest coffees, Temple features coffee from distinguished single estates and cooperatives around the world. Visit www.templecoffee.com or call 916-454-1282 for more information.
Produced by Asobombo, a group of small producers in the municipality of Inza Cauca, Colombia, from trees of the Caturra and Castillo varieties of Arabica, and processed by the washed method. Flight Coffee Co. is a coffee-loving, quality-focused roasting company based in Bedford, New Hampshire. Visit www.flightcoffeeco.com or call 603-836-6228 for more information.
Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one are largely produced from distinctive indigenous Ethiopian varieties of Arabica long grown in their respective regions. This is a dry-processed or “natural” version, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit rather than after the fruit has been removed, as is the case with wet-processed or “washed” coffees. Bona Kafo is a Taiwan-based specialty coffee roaster. Visit www.bonakaforoastery.com.
Produced from the trees of the rare Ethiopia-derived botanical variety Geisha (also spelled Gesha) by the Lamastus family at Elida Estate. With its generally elongated beans and distinctive floral and crisp, often chocolaty cup, the Geisha/Gesha variety continues to distinguish itself as one of the world’s most unique coffees. Processed by the honey method, in which some fruit flesh (“honey”) is allowed to adhere to the beans during drying. Bona Kafo is a Taiwan-based specialty coffee roaster. Visit www.bonakaforoastery.com.
Produced at Finca Buenos Aires in Honduras from trees of the Catimor, Lempira and IHCAFE 90 varieties of Arabica and processed by the washed method. Committed to sourcing, roasting and brewing the finest coffees, Temple features coffee from distinguished single estates and cooperatives around the world. Visit www.templecoffee.com or call 916-454-1282 for more information.
Produced at Nicaragua’s Finca Le Poste entirely from trees of the big-beaned Pacamara variety of Arabica and processed by the washed method. Paradise Roasters specializes in micro-lot Arabica and Robusta coffees from Asia and other emerging origins. The company prides itself on quality and freshness, craft-roasting coffees in small batches only after orders are placed. Visit www.paradiseroasters.com or call 763-433-0626 for more information.
Produced at Miranda Farms entirely of the Yellow Caturra variety of Arabica and processed by the washed method using anaerobic (limited oxygen) fermentation inoculated with wine yeast.  This is a special lot of Yellow Caturra coffee is sold only on the Big Island, distinct from Miranda Farms' other Yellow Caturra offerings listed on the company's website.  Miranda farms is a passionate, family-owned farm that puts great care into every step of the coffee production process to produce award-winning Hawaiian coffee. Visit https://mirandasfarms.com/ for more information.
Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one are largely produced from distinctive indigenous Ethiopian landrace varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. Processed by the natural method (dried in the whole fruit). Kakalove Café is a nano-roaster located in the small city of Chia-Yi in Taiwan that strives to procure and roast the finest quality coffee. Visit www.kakalovecafe.com.tw or email [email protected] for more information.
Processed by the yellow honey method. With all honey processing methods, some sweet pulp or fruit flesh (“honey”) is allowed to adhere to the beans during drying. In the yellow honey variation, a thin layer of pulp is allowed to dry on the beans, more than with white honey, but less than is the case with red or black honey. Kakalove Café is a nano-roaster located in the small city of Chia-Yi in Taiwan that strives to procure and roast the finest quality coffee. Visit www.kakalovecafe.com.tw or email [email protected] for more information.
Grown by smallholding farmers in the admired Tarrazu region of Costa Rica and processed by the natural method at Beneficio San Diego. JBC Coffee Roasters’ vision is simple: “let the coffee lead the way” through sourcing and roasting the best and most unique coffees available and rewarding the farmers who grow those coffees with substantial premiums. Visit www.jbccoffeeroasters.com or call 608-256-5282 for more information.
Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one are produced from distinctive traditional Ethiopian landrace varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. This lot was processed by the wet or washed method (fruit skin and pulp are removed before drying). JBC Coffee Roasters’ vision is simple: “let the coffee lead the way” through sourcing and roasting the best and most unique coffees available and rewarding the farmers who grow those coffees with substantial premiums. Visit www.jbccoffeeroasters.com or call 608-256-5282 for more information.
Produced by Luis Alvaro Vargas entirely from trees of the Caturra "Chiroso" variety of Arabica and processed by the washed method. JBC Coffee Roasters’ vision is simple: “let the coffee lead the way” through sourcing and roasting the best and most unique coffees available and rewarding the farmers who grow those coffees with substantial premiums. Visit www.jbccoffeeroasters.com or call 608-256-5282 for more information.
Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one are produced from distinctive traditional Ethiopian landrace varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. This lot was processed by the wet or washed method (fruit skin and pulp are removed before drying). Jaunt Coffee Roasters is a San Diego-based roaster and café with an extensive coffee and food menu. Visit www.jauntcoffee.com for more information.
Produced by smallholding farmers in the Oaxaca region of Mexico from trees of the Bourbon and Typica varieties of Arabica and processed by the washed method. JBC Coffee Roasters’ vision is simple: “let the coffee lead the way” through sourcing and roasting the best and most unique coffees available and rewarding the farmers who grow those coffees with substantial premiums. Visit www.jbccoffeeroasters.com or call 608-256-5282 for more information.
Produced by Felipe Trujillo entirely from trees of the Castillo variety of Arabica and processed by the black honey method, in which the skins are removed from the fruit but virtually all of the pulp is allowed to dry on the beans, often resulting in a deep, pungent profile. Jaunt Coffee Roasters is a San Diego-based roaster and café with an extensive coffee and food menu. Visit www.jauntcoffee.com for more information.
Produced by Katerinne Gutierrez and family entirely from trees of the Yellow Wush Wush variety of Arabica and processed by the natural method. Jaunt Coffee Roasters is a San Diego-based roaster and café with an extensive coffee and food menu. Visit www.jauntcoffee.com for more information.
This coffee tied for the highest rating in a cupping of coffees from Kenya for Coffee Review’s October 2020 report. Composed of coffees from trees of the SL 28, Ruiru 11 and Batian varieties of Arabica and processed at the Wachuri Washing Station. Founded in 1995 by Brooke McDonnell and Helen Russell, Equator Coffees operates retail stores in the San Francisco Bay Area and provides coffee to hundreds of wholesale accounts. Visit www.equatorcoffees.com or call 800-809-7687 for more information.
Produced by members of the Baragwi Farmers Co-operative Society Limited from trees of the SL28 and SL 34 varieties of Arabica. This coffee tied for the highest rating in a cupping of coffees from Kenya for Coffee Review’s October 2020 report. Flight Coffee Co. is a coffee-loving, quality-focused roasting company based in Bedford, New Hampshire. Visit www.flightcoffeeco.com or call 603-836-6228 for more information.
This coffee tied for the highest rating in a cupping of coffees from Kenya for Coffee Review’s October 2020 report. Produced from trees of the admired SL-28 and SL-34 varieties of Arabica. Coffee Please is an artisanal roastery and cafe in Taipei’s Beitou District, famous for the nearby Yangming Mountain hot springs. Visit www.facebook.com/CoffeepleaseTW for more information.
This coffee tied for the highest rating in a cupping of coffees from Kenya for Coffee Review’s October 2020 report. Produced from trees of the admired SL-28 and SL-34 varieties of Arabica by smallholding farmers and processed at the Ritho FCS Handege Factory (wet mill). DoDo Kaffa is a nano-roaster of specialty coffee based in Taipei City, Taiwan since 2009. For more information, visit https://www.facebook.com/dodokaffa/.
This coffee tied for the second-highest rating in a cupping of coffees from Kenya for Coffee Review’s October 2020 report. Produced from trees of the admired SL-28 and SL-34 varieties of Arabica by smallholding farmers and processed at the Ritho FCS Handege Factory (wet mill). Evie’s Café, based in Chia-Yi Taiwan, specializes in fine roasted coffees as well as serving distinctive pour-overs and cold-brews. Visit https://m.facebook.com/eviescafe88/ for more information.
This coffee tied for the second-highest rating in a cupping of coffees from Kenya for Coffee Review’s October 2020 report. Kakalove Café is a nano-roaster located in the small city of Chia-Yi in Taiwan that strives to procure and roast the finest quality coffee. Visit www.kakalovecafe.com.tw or email [email protected] for more information.
This coffee tied for the second-highest rating in a cupping of coffees from Kenya for Coffee Review’s October 2020 report. Produced by smallholding members of the Kibirigwi Co-op and comprised entirely of coffees from trees of the SL28 variety of Arabica. Klatch Coffee is an award-winning small-batch roasting company in the Los Angeles area whose resident barista and trainer, Heather Perry, won both the 2003 and 2007 United States Barista Championships brewing a Klatch Coffee espresso blend. Visit www.klatchroasting.com or call 877-455-2824 for more information.
This coffee tied for the second-highest rating in a cupping of coffees for Coffee Review’s October 2020 report. Comprised of coffees from trees of the SL28, SL34, Ruiru 11 and Batian varieties of Arabica and processed at the Karani Factory (wet mill). Pop Coffee Works is a Toronto-based specialty coffee roaster with an emphasis on seasonal coffees. Visit www.popcoffeeworks.com for more information.
This coffee tied for the second-highest rating in a cupping of coffees from Kenya for Coffee Review’s October 2020 report. Produced by members of the Kii Factory Co-op and comprised of coffees from trees of the SL28, SL34, Ruiru 11 and Batian varieties of Arabica. Small Eyes Café is a small, family-owned coffee shop in Yilan, Taiwan, specializing in artisanally roasted specialty coffee and homemade desserts. Visit https://www.facebook.com/Smalleyescafe for more information.
This coffee tied for the second-highest rating in a cupping of coffees from Kenya for Coffee Review’s October 2020 report. Produced by members of the Kii Factory Co-op and comprised of coffees from trees of the SL28, SL34, Ruiru 11 and Batian varieties of Arabica. Steady State Roasting is an award-winning small-batch roastery dedicated to the craft and care of providing specialty coffee. The company takes pride in sourcing unique, high-quality coffee direct from farmers so that customers can enjoy fine coffee at home or in the Steady State tasting room in downtown Carlsbad, California. Visit www.steadystateroasting.com for more information.
This coffee tied for the second-highest rating in a cupping of coffees from Kenya for Coffee Review’s October 2020 report. Produced from trees of the celebrated SL28 and SL34 varieties of Arabica associated with Kenya’s finest coffees. Wet-processed using meticulous traditional methods at the Gatomboya washing station operated by the Barichu Cooperative Society. Founded in 2015, States Coffee is a community-focused coffee and bread company in the Bay Area of California, featuring coffee roasted in-house and artisan-baked goods. Beans available in-store only. Visit www.statescoffee.com for more information.
Produced at Beneficio La Esperanza assisted by the team from Finca San Carlos from trees of the Bourbon and Catuai varieties of Arabica and processed by the washed method. El Gran Cafe is a coffee shop located in the heart of Antigua, Guatemala whose mission is to roast and serve organic-certified coffees produced at its own Finca La Esperanza and Finca El Pintado just outside of town. Featured in El Gran Cafe’s lineup are also coffees from friends and neighbors in the region, along with award-winning and exceptional coffees from other regions of Guatemala. Visit https://elgran.cafe/ for more information.
Produced at Finca El Pintado from trees of the Bourbon and Geisha varieties of Arabica and processed by the washed method. Certified USDA Organic. El Gran Cafe is a coffee shop located in the heart of Antigua, Guatemala whose mission is to roast and serve organic-certified coffees produced at its own Finca La Esperanza and Finca El Pintado just outside of town. Featured in El Gran Cafe’s lineup are also coffees from friends and neighbors in the region, along with award-winning and exceptional coffees from other regions of Guatemala. Visit https://elgran.cafe/ for more information.
Produced at Beneficio La Esperanza exclusively from trees of the Villa Sarchi variety of Arabica and processed by the washed method. Certified USDA Organic. El Gran Cafe is a coffee shop located in the heart of Antigua, Guatemala whose mission is to roast and serve organic-certified coffees produced at its own Finca La Esperanza and Finca El Pintado just outside of town. Featured in El Gran Cafe’s lineup are also coffees from friends and neighbors in the region, along with award-winning and exceptional coffees from other regions of Guatemala. Visit https://elgran.cafe/ for more information.
Produced at Beneficio La Esperanza exclusively from trees of the Bourbon variety of Arabica and processed by the washed method. Certified USDA Organic. El Gran Cafe is a coffee shop located in the heart of Antigua, Guatemala whose mission is to roast and serve organic-certified coffees produced at its own Finca La Esperanza and Finca El Pintado just outside of town. Featured in El Gran Cafe’s lineup are also coffees from friends and neighbors in the region, along with award-winning and exceptional coffees from other regions of Guatemala. Visit https://elgran.cafe/ for more information.
Produced at Beneficio La Esperanza from trees of the Bourbon, Caturra and Catuai varieties of Arabica and processed by the washed method. El Gran Cafe is a coffee shop located in the heart of Antigua, Guatemala whose mission is to roast and serve organic-certified coffees produced at its own Finca La Esperanza and Finca El Pintado just outside of town. Featured in El Gran Cafe’s lineup are also coffees from friends and neighbors in the region, along with award-winning and exceptional coffees from other regions of Guatemala. Visit https://elgran.cafe/ for more information.
Produced at Beneficio La Esperanza from trees of the Bourbon, Caturra and Catuai varieties of Arabica and processed by the washed method. El Gran Cafe is a coffee shop located in the heart of Antigua, Guatemala whose mission is to roast and serve organic-certified coffees produced at its own Finca La Esperanza and Finca El Pintado just outside of town. Featured in El Gran Cafe’s lineup are also coffees from friends and neighbors in the region, along with award-winning and exceptional coffees from other regions of Guatemala. Visit https://elgran.cafe/ for more information.
Produced at Beneficio La Esperanza from trees of the Bourbon, Caturra and Catuai varieties of Arabica and processed by the washed method. El Gran Cafe is a coffee shop located in the heart of Antigua, Guatemala whose mission is to roast and serve organic-certified coffees produced at its own Finca La Esperanza and Finca El Pintado just outside of town. Featured in El Gran Cafe’s lineup are also coffees from friends and neighbors in the region, along with award-winning and exceptional coffees from other regions of Guatemala. Visit https://elgran.cafe/ for more information.
This exceptional coffee was selected as the No. 3 coffee on Coffee Review’s list of the Top 30 Coffees of 2020. Most likely produced from trees of indigenous landrace varieties of Arabica unique to Ethiopia, and processed by the natural method. Kakalove Café is a nano-roaster located in the small city of Chia-Yi in Taiwan that strives to procure and roast the finest quality coffee. Visit www.kakalovecafe.com.tw or email [email protected] for more information.
Produced from trees of the Geisha variety of arabica and processed by the carbonic maceration natural method, which usually involves fermenting whole fruit inside a sealed container that has been flushed with CO2. Kakalove Café is a nano-roaster located in the small city of Chia-Yi in Taiwan that strives to procure and roast the finest quality coffee. Visit www.kakalovecafe.com.tw or email [email protected] for more information.
This exceptional coffee was selected as the No. 29 coffee on Coffee Review’s list of the Top 30 Coffees of 2020.   Produced by Don Luis Campos of Cordillera del Fuego and processed by the “thermic” method, in which beans, with skins removed, are heated with some of the fruit flesh or mucilage still adhering to them. The exposure to heat starts to break down the natural sugars of the mucilage, partially caramelizing them. Peach Coffee Roasters is an Atlanta, Georgia-based specialty roaster. Visit www.peachcoffeeroasters.com for more information. 
Coffees from the Sidama region like this one are produced from distinctive, largely indigenous Ethiopian landrace varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. Processed by the natural method (dried in the whole fruit). Founded in 2013, modcup coffee focuses on fresh roasting and distinctive natural-processed coffees. Visit modcup.com for more information.
Produced at Hambela Estate, operated by exporter METAD, which also oversees the only privately-owned quality-control laboratory in Ethiopia that carries Specialty Coffee Association (SCA) certification. Processed by the natural method (dried in the whole fruit). SkyTop Coffee is a USDA certified-organic specialty coffee roaster based in Manlius, New York. For more information, visit skytopcoffee.com.
Produced by Sergio Romero of La Lesquinada Farm exclusively from trees of the Paraneima variety of Arabica and processed by the natural method. Committed to sourcing, roasting and brewing the finest coffees, Temple features coffee from distinguished single estates and cooperatives around the world. Visit www.templecoffee.com or call 916-454-1282 for more information.
Produced by members of the Giakanja Coffee Farmers Society at the Giakanja Coffee Factory (wet mill) from trees of the SL28, SL34, Ruiru 11 and Batian varieties of Arabica. Processed by the washed method. Committed to sourcing, roasting and brewing the finest coffees, Temple features coffee from distinguished single estates and cooperatives around the world. Visit www.templecoffee.com or call 916-454-1282 for more information.
Produced by farmer Asfaw Maru on his small farm in the Yirgacheffe growing region and processed by the natural method. RamsHead Coffee Roasters is a family-owned company founded by Bozeman, Montana natives Caleb and Laura Walker. RamsHead specializes in direct trade microlot coffees. For more information, visit www.ramsheadcoffee.com.
Produced by Don Luis Campos of Cordillera del Fuego and processed by the “thermic” method, in which beans, with skins removed, are heated with some of the fruit flesh or mucilage still adhering to them. The exposure to heat starts to break down the natural sugars of the mucilage, partially caramelizing it. RamsHead Coffee Roasters is a family-owned company founded by Bozeman, Montana natives Caleb and Laura Walker. RamsHead specializes in direct trade microlot coffees. For more information, visit www.ramsheadcoffee.com.
Produced by Pablo del Cid entirely from trees of the bold-beaned Pacamara variety of Arabica and processed by the washed method. Tug Hill Artisan Roasters is a specialty coffee roaster based in Castorland, New York. Visit https://www.tughillartisanroasters.com/ for more information.
This exceptional coffee was selected as the No. 13 coffee on Coffee Review’s list of the Top 30 Coffees of 2020. Produced by Jose Padilla and Gonzalo Hernandez of Coffea Diversa in Guatemala entirely from trees of the Rume Sudan Ethiopia landrace variety of Arabica and processed by fermenting twice, then drying in the whole cherry. Paradise Roasters specializes in micro-lot Arabica and Robusta coffees from Asia and other emerging origins. The company prides itself on quality and freshness, craft-roasting coffees in small batches only after orders are placed. Visit www.paradiseroasters.com or call 763-433-0626 for more information.
Produced by Jim Chestnut and Edna Arakawa of Arakawa Estate from trees of the Caturra and Typica varieties of Arabica and processed by the anaerobic washed method with the addition of wine yeasts. Paradise Roasters specializes in micro-lot Arabica and Robusta coffees from Asia and other emerging origins. The company prides itself on quality and freshness, craft-roasting coffees in small batches only after orders are placed. Visit www.paradiseroasters.com or call 763-433-0626 for more information.
Produced by Liliana Caballero Rojas of Hacienda Casablanca from trees of the Castillo and Geisha varieties of Arabica and processed by the washed method. Visit www.stereocoffeeroasters.com or email [email protected] for more information.
Produced by smallholding members of the FUDAM Association of southern Colombia from trees of the Castillo, Caturra and Colombia varieties of Arabica. Processed by the washed method (fruit skin and pulp are removed before drying). JBC Coffee Roasters’ vision is simple: “let the coffee lead the way” through sourcing and roasting the best and most unique coffees available and rewarding the farmers who grow those coffees with substantial premiums. Visit www.jbccoffeeroasters.com or call 608-256-5282 for more information.
Produced by members of the INOI Farmers’ Society from trees of the SL28, SL34 and Batian varieties of Arabica. JBC Coffee Roasters’ vision is simple: “let the coffee lead the way” through sourcing and roasting the best and most unique coffees available and rewarding the farmers who grow those coffees with substantial premiums. Visit www.jbccoffeeroasters.com or call 608-256-5282 for more information.
Yirgacheffe coffees like this one are largely produced from traditional Ethiopian landrace varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. A wet-processed or “washed” coffee version, meaning the fruit skin and pulp were removed from the beans immediately after harvesting and before drying. JBC Coffee Roasters’ vision is simple: “let the coffee lead the way” through sourcing and roasting the best and most unique coffees available and rewarding the farmers who grow those coffees with substantial premiums. Visit www.jbccoffeeroasters.com or call 608-256-5282 for more information.
Dur Feres, which means "wild horse," is a blend of green coffees from several southern Ethiopian wet mills or washing stations, including Bombe, Qonqona, Shantawene, and Damo, all processed by the natural method (coffee is dried in the whole fruit). Established in 2010, Red Rooster is an organic-certified micro-roaster focusing on socially conscious coffee, high-quality coffee. Visit redroostercoffee.com or call 540-745-7338 for more information.
Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one are produced from distinctive traditional Ethiopian landrace varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. Processed by the natural method (dried in the whole fruit). Founded in 2019, Three Keys is a craft coffee roastery in Houston, Texas. The name is inspired by the valves of the trumpet, which has been the instrument of choice for some of the most influential jazz musicians and composers. Similarly, Three Keys Coffee speaks a language that’s sophisticated yet accessible to everyone who’s willing to slow down and share a cup. Visit www.threekeyscoffee.com for more information.
This exceptional coffee was selected as the No. 11 coffee on Coffee Review’s list of the Top 30 Coffees of 2020. Produced from trees of the admired SL-28 and SL-34 varieties of Arabica. In addition to his retail roasting operation, Aroma Roast Coffees, Simon Hsieh also operates Soaring Phoenix Trading, a business focused on purpose-built commercial espresso blends and high-quality single-origin coffees. Customers can also visit the new showroom, Chateau Andy, in Taipei City. Visit www.facebook.com/4ArtsZeroDefectCoffees or call 886-0983-749876 for more information.
AA is the highest grade of Kenya coffee based on bean size and freedom from physical imperfections. Founded in 2019, Three Keys is a craft coffee roastery in Houston, Texas. The name is inspired by the valves of the trumpet, which has been the instrument of choice for some of the most influential jazz musicians and composers. Similarly, Three Keys Coffee speaks a language that’s sophisticated yet accessible to everyone who’s willing to slow down and share a cup. Visit www.threekeyscoffee.com for more information.
One of the world’s most celebrated coffees presented in a Nespresso-compatible capsule. Geisha (also Gesha) continues to be one of the world’s most celebrated and sought-after coffee varieties, and the Hacienda La Esmeralda Geishas remain among the most authentic. This is a wet-processed or “washed” version (fruit skin and pulp are removed before drying). Difference Coffee aims to present only the finest of the world’s coffees as determined by green coffee competitions and other measures of distinction, tactfully roasted and presented in capsules compatible with Nespresso capsule brewing systems. For more information visit www.differencecoffee.com.
This exceptional coffee was selected as the No. 1 coffee on Coffee Review’s list of the Top 30 Coffees of 2020. The coffee won first place in the washed Geisha category of the 2020 Best of Panama green coffee competition and was subsequently sold at auction for a price that broke all previous records for a green coffee. Produced at Finca Sophia entirely from trees of the celebrated Geisha variety of Arabica. This is a wet-processed or “washed” version, meaning the fruit skin and pulp were removed from the beans immediately after harvesting and before drying. GK Coffee is a nano-roastery in Yilan, Taiwan that offers both retail and wholesale coffee. Only sold via email request. For more information, visit www.gkcoffee.com.tw or email [email protected]
This exceptional coffee was selected as the No. 27 coffee on Coffee Review’s list of the Top 30 Coffees of 2020.  Produced by Luis and Rigoberto Herrera at Las Margaritas Farm entirely of the San Juan variety of Arabica and processed by a proprietary natural process in which cherries are fermented in the whole fruit at controlled temperatures. Located in southwestern Colorado, Durango Coffee lays claim to a rich coffee history that dates to 1986. Its motto is “Tough Town, Great Coffee.” Visit www.durangocoffee.com or call 800-748-2275 for more information.
Produced by Feng Cheng-lun of Zhou Zhu Yuan Farm entirely from trees of the celebrated Geisha variety of Arabica. Processing starts with the natural, dried-in-the-whole fruit method, but halfway through the drying the coffee is pulped and drying is finished as in the honey method, with some fruit flesh left on the beans. Paradise Roasters specializes in micro-lot Arabica and Robusta coffees from Asia and other emerging origins. The company prides itself on quality and freshness, craft-roasting coffees in small batches only after orders are placed. Visit www.paradiseroasters.com or call 763-433-0626 for more information.
Produced from trees of the rare Ethiopia-derived botanical variety Gesha (also Geisha) by farmer Roberto Brenes of Finca La Aurora. The Gesha variety continues to distinguish itself as one of the world’s most unique coffees. Processed by the natural method (dried in the whole fruit). Bird Rock Coffee Roasters is a retailer and wholesaler focused on organic and socially responsible coffees; it was awarded the “2012 Micro-Roaster of the Year” title by Roast Magazine. Visit www.birdrockcoffee.com or call 858-551-1707 for more information.
Coffee from trees of the botanical variety Geisha (also Gesha) grown on Price Peterson’s Hacienda La Esmeralda in Panama first introduced this extraordinary variety of Arabica to the world. Processed by the natural method (dried in the whole fruit). Roasted at PT’s Coffee, where the motto is “without the love, it’s just coffee.” Visit www.ptscoffee.com or call 888-678-JAVA for more information.
Produced from trees of the SL28, SL34, Ruiru 11 and Batian varieties of Arabica. Processed by a particularly meticulous Kenya variation on the traditional wet or “washed” method, in which skin and fruit flesh are removed from the beans or seeds before they are dried. This sample consists entirely of peaberries, a kind of bean that results when the coffee fruit develops only a single, oval bean rather than the usual pair of flat-sided beans. Big Shoulders Coffee is a Chicago artisan roaster that emphasizes a fresh-roasted, no-nonsense approach to fine coffee. Visit www.bigshoulderscoffee.com or call 312-846-1439 for more information.
Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one are produced from traditional Ethiopian landrace varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. Processed by the wet or washed method (fruit skin and pulp removed before drying). Singsun Coffee is an artisanal coffee shop in Hsinchu, Taiwan operated by roastmaster Peng Shuai. Visit https://reurl.cc/k0aGYn for more information.
Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one are largely produced from distinctive indigenous Ethiopian landrace varieties of Arabica long grown in their respective regions. This is a dry-processed or “natural” version, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit rather than after the fruit has been removed, as is the case with wet-processed or “washed” coffees. Singsun Coffee is an artisanal coffee shop in Hsinchu, Taiwan operated by roastmaster Peng Shuai. Visit https://reurl.cc/k0aGYn for more information.
Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one are largely produced from distinctive indigenous Ethiopian varieties of Arabica long grown in their respective regions. This is a dry-processed or “natural” version, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit rather than after the fruit has been removed, as is the case with wet-processed or “washed” coffees. MT49 Cafe is a specialty coffee shop and bakery in Taichung City, Taiwan. Visit https://www.facebook.com/MT49cafe/  for more information.
Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one are produced from traditional Ethiopian varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. Processed by the wet or washed method (fruit skin and pulp removed before drying). Pro Aroma Enterprise Coffee Co., Ltd. is a Taiwan-based specialty coffee company. For more information, visit proaroma.weebly.com or email [email protected]
Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one are largely produced from distinctive indigenous Ethiopian varieties of Arabica long grown in their respective regions. This is a dry-processed or “natural” version, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit rather than after the fruit has been removed, as is the case with wet-processed or “washed” coffees. Pro Aroma Enterprise Coffee Co., Ltd. is a Taiwan-based specialty coffee company. For more information, visit proaroma.weebly.com or email [email protected]
Produced by Luis Wicho Valdes of Finca Santa Isabel exclusively from trees of the Caturra variety of Arabica and processed by the washed method. El Gran Cafe is a coffee shop located in the heart of Antigua, Guatemala whose mission is to roast and serve organic-certified coffees produced at its own Finca La Esperanza and Finca El Pintado just outside of town. Featured in El Gran Cafe’s lineup are also coffees from friends and neighbors in the region, along with award-winning and exceptional coffees from other regions of Guatemala. Visit https://elgran.cafe/ for more information.
Produced at Finca Minerva entirely of the Pacamara variety of Arabica and processed by the carbonic maceration method, which typically involves fermenting whole fruit inside a sealed container that has been flushed with CO2 to emphasize lactic rather than alcohol notes. Kakalove Café is a nano-roaster located in the small city of Chia-Yi in Taiwan that strives to procure and roast the finest quality coffee. Visit www.kakalovecafe.com.tw or email [email protected] for more information.
This exceptional coffee was selected as the No. 23 coffee on Coffee Review’s list of the Top 30 Coffees of 2020.  Produced at Shimiligwanda Estate from the Bourbon and Kents varieties of Arabica and processed by the washed method (fruit skin and pulp are removed before drying). Founded in 1990, Lexington Coffee is an award-winning artisan roasting company based in Virginia. Lexington’s focus on fresh, distinctive and sustainable coffee is reflected in its motto, “Fresh, Flavorful & Fair.” Visit www.lexingtoncoffee.com or call 800-322-6505 for more information.
SL34 is a tree variety famously associated with the fine coffees of Kenya; this version was grown in Kona. After the coffee fruit is pulped, it is processed with a yeast-ferment step (with no additional water being added to the tank) prior to being washed. Kraig and Leslie Lee have been growing and harvesting traditional Kona Coffee for over 25 years. In 2017 they introduced several distinguished new tree varieties to their 4.7 acre farm, including this one, which they are offering for the first time. Visit konafarmdirect.com for more information.
Bourbon Pointu, botanical name var. Laurina, is a natural mutation of the famous Bourbon variety, first selected on Reunion Island in the Indian Ocean. The Bourbon Pointu is famous for its natural low levels of caffeine, bean shape (small and tending to be pointed at the ends, hence “pointu”), and pungently fruit-toned, Bourbon-like cup. This version was grown in Kona and processed by the anaerobic natural fermentation method. Kraig and Leslie Lee have been growing and harvesting traditional Kona Coffee for over 25 years. In 2017 they introduced several distinguished new tree varieties to their 4.7 acre farm, including this one, which they are offering for the first time. Visit konafarmdirect.com for more information.
Produced by Coopro Naranjo from the Catuaí and Caturra varieties of Arabica and processed by the natural method (dried in the whole fruit). The Cattleya project, a partnership between Coopro Naranjo and Royal Coffee New York, provides agronomists to help small family farms achieve peak flavor from their harvests. Founded in 1990, Lexington Coffee is an award-winning artisan roasting company based in Virginia. Lexington’s focus on fresh, distinctive and sustainable coffee is reflected in its motto, “Fresh, Flavorful & Fair.” Visit www.lexingtoncoffee.com or call 800-322-6505 for more information.
K7 is a variety of Arabica first developed in Kenya from trees of the famous French Bourbon variety. After the coffee fruit is pulped, it is processed with a yeast-ferment step (with no additional water being added to the tank) prior to being washed. Kraig and Leslie Lee have been growing and harvesting traditional Kona Coffee for over 25 years. In 2017 they introduced several distinguished new tree varieties to their 4.7 acre farm, including this one, which they are offering for the first time. Visit konafarmdirect.com for more information.
Guji is nestled next to the better-known Yirgacheffe and Sidamo growing regions; it shares their devotion to the distinctive, largely indigenous varieties of Arabica long grown in these regions. This is a “natural” or dry-processed version (dried in the whole fruit). Kakalove Café is a nano-roaster located in the small city of Chia-Yi in Taiwan that strives to procure and roast the finest quality coffee. Visit www.kakalovecafe.com.tw or email [email protected] for more information.
Certified USDA Organic and Fair Trade. From an admired growing region in the southernmost Colombia Department of Nariño and comprised of the Castillo, Caturra and Colombia varieties of Arabica; processed by the wet, or washed method (fruit skin and pulp are removed before drying). Founded in 1990, Lexington Coffee is an award-winning artisan roasting company based in Virginia. Lexington’s focus on fresh, distinctive and sustainable coffee is reflected in its motto, “Fresh, Flavorful & Fair.” Visit www.lexingtoncoffee.com or call 800-322-6505 for more information.
This sample consists entirely of peaberries, a kind of bean that results when the coffee fruit develops only a single, oval bean rather than the usual pair of flat-sided beans. Peaberries produce a somewhat different (often better) cup than normal beans from the same crop, from which they may or may not be separated during grading. Kakalove Café is a nano-roaster located in the small city of Chia-Yi in Taiwan that strives to procure and roast the finest quality coffee. Visit www.kakalovecafe.com.tw or email [email protected] for more information.
Produced entirely from trees of the admired 74110 selection of Ethiopia Arabica and processed by the washed method (fruit skin and pulp are removed before drying). Kakalove Café is a nano-roaster located in the small city of Chia-Yi in Taiwan that strives to procure and roast the finest quality coffee. Visit www.kakalovecafe.com.tw or email [email protected] for more information.
Yirgacheffe is a coffee region in southern Ethiopia that produces distinctive coffees from indigenous varieties of landrace Arabica long grown in the region. This is a “natural” or dry-processed version, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit, encouraging a flavor profile that is rounder and lower-toned than the more familiar wet-processed floral- and citrus-toned Yirgacheffe profile. Kakalove Café is a nano-roaster located in the small city of Chia-Yi in Taiwan that strives to procure and roast the finest quality coffee. Visit www.kakalovecafe.com.tw or email [email protected] for more information.
This exceptional coffee was selected as the No. 4 coffee on Coffee Review’s list of the Top 30 Coffees of 2020. Produced at Finca Sophia entirely from trees of the celebrated Geisha variety of Arabica. This is a wet-processed or “washed” version (fruit skin and pulp are removed before drying). This coffee was produced on the same farm under the same conditions as the lot that won the 2020 Best of Panama competition in the washed Geisha category (which famously sold at auction for a record-breaking $1,300.50 per pound) but it is not from the actual record-breaking lot. Founded in 1995 by Brooke McDonnell and Helen Russell, Equator Coffees operates retail stores in the San Francisco Bay Area and provides coffee to hundreds of wholesale accounts.  Visit www.equatorcoffees.com or call 800-809-7687 for more information.
This exceptional coffee was selected as the No. 19 coffee on Coffee Review’s list of the Top 30 Coffees of 2020.  Produced by Rigoberto Herrera at Granja La Esperanza in Colombia, a producer that specializes in innovation, in this case applying an anaerobic (limited oxygen ferment) processing method to the rare Java variety of Arabica. Bird Rock Coffee Roasters is a retailer and wholesaler focused on organic and socially responsible coffees; it was awarded the “2012 Micro-Roaster of the Year” title by Roast Magazine. Visit www.birdrockcoffee.com or call 858-551-1707 for more information.
This exceptional coffee was selected as the No. 28 coffee on Coffee Review’s list of the Top 30 Coffees of 2020.  A natural-processed (dried in the whole fruit) Ethiopia coffee decaffeinated at the Descamex plant in Mexico by a water-only process that does not involve the use of solvents. Big Shoulders Coffee is a Chicago artisan roaster that emphasizes a fresh-roasted, no-nonsense approach to fine coffee. Visit www.bigshoulderscoffee.com or call 312-846-1439 for more information.
Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one are largely produced from distinctive indigenous Ethiopian landrace varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. This is a dry-processed or “natural” version, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit rather than after the fruit has been removed, as is the case with wet-processed or “washed” coffees. Cafe Virtuoso is a small-batch coffee roaster that is ethically invested in procuring, roasting and delivering the highest quality and best-tasting organic coffee in San Diego. Visit www.cafevirtuoso.com or call 619-550-1830 for more information.
Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one are largely produced from distinctive indigenous Ethiopian landrace varieties of Arabica long grown in their respective regions. This is a dry-processed or “natural” version (coffee is dried inside the entire fruit). Bird Rock Coffee Roasters is a retailer and wholesaler focused on organic and socially responsible coffees; it was awarded the “2012 Micro-Roaster of the Year” title by Roast Magazine. Visit www.birdrockcoffee.com or call 858-551-1707 for more information.
Produced from trees of the SL28 and SL34 varieties of Arabica. Small Eyes Café is a small, family-owned coffee shop in Yilan, Taiwan, specializing in artisanally roasted specialty coffee and homemade desserts. Visit https://www.facebook.com/Smalleyescafe for more information.
This exceptional coffee was selected as the No. 5 coffee on Coffee Review’s list of the Top 30 Coffees of 2020.  A green coffee from Ardent Coffees, a newer specialized exporter of Ethiopia coffees. Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one are largely produced from distinctive indigenous Ethiopian landrace varieties of Arabica long grown in their respective regions. This is a dry-processed or “natural” version (coffee is dried inside the entire fruit). JBC Coffee Roasters’ vision is simple: “let the coffee lead the way” through sourcing and roasting the best and most unique coffees available and rewarding the farmers who grow those coffees with substantial premiums. Visit www.jbccoffeeroasters.com or call 608-256-5282 for more information.
This exceptional coffee was selected as the No. 6 coffee on Coffee Review’s list of the Top 30 Coffees of 2020. Mocca (also spelled Moka and Mokka) is a rare and famous variety of Arabica that reached Kaanapali, Hawaii from Brazil. Current thinking in the technical coffee community is that it originated in the Reunion Islands as a mutant of the great Bourbon variety, although it closely resembles a variety long grown in Yemen called Ismaili. This Mocca was processed by the natural method (dried in the whole fruit). This rare coffee with its tiny beans and striking cup is available only on the Hula Daddy website through their allocation list. Hula Daddy is a boutique coffee producer with farms at the 1,400- and 2,500-foot levels of the Mount Hualalai volcano near the northern end of the Kona growing district, five minutes above the town of Kailua-Kona. This coffee was produced at the higher elevation Hula Daddy farm. Visit www.huladaddy.com or call 888-553-2339 for more information.
A blend of coffees from the Hula Daddy farm, a boutique coffee producer with farms at the 1,400- and 2,500-foot levels of the Mount Hualalai volcano near the northern end of the Kona growing district, five minutes above the town of Kailua-Kona. The coffees in this blend were produced at the higher elevation Hula Daddy farm. Visit www.huladaddy.com or call 888-553-2339 for more information.
A blend of washed-process coffees from Africa and Central America. Bridge Coffee Co. is an artisan roastery in Marysville, California whose motto is: “We are the bridge from the crop to the cup." Visit www.bridgecoffeeco.com for more information.
Produced by smallholding farmers entirely of the admired Geisha variety of Arabica and processed by the washed method. 94 Fresh Coffee is a specialty coffee roaster based in Kaohsiung City that specializes in espresso, including training and machine sales. Wholesale pricing available for all coffees. Visit https://www.facebook.com/94freshcoffee/ for more information.
Produced by Suyapa Leticia entirely of the Catuaí variety of Arabica and processed by the natural method. 94 Fresh Coffee is a specialty coffee roaster based in Kaohsiung City that specializes in espresso, including training and machine sales. Wholesale pricing available for all coffees. Visit https://www.facebook.com/94freshcoffee/ for more information.
A blend of coffees from Ethiopia's Guji growing region, which is nestled next to the better-known Yirgacheffe and Sidamo and shares their devotion to the distinctive, largely indigenous varieties of Arabica long grown in these regions. This is a “natural” or dry-processed version (dried in the whole fruit). Green Stone Coffee is a woman-owned artisan roastery in Taipei, Taiwan founded in 2016 and specializing in sourcing distinctive coffees that express their individual terroirs. Visit www.greenstone-coffee.com.tw/en/info.html for more information.
Certified organic. Produced at Umoja Farm entirely from the Red Bourbon variety of Arabica and processed by the washed method. Equiano Coffee was founded in 2013 by the Udosenata family. For more information, visit www.equianocoffee.com.
Guji is nestled next to the better-known Yirgacheffe and Sidamo growing regions; it shares their devotion to the distinctive, largely indigenous varieties of Arabica long grown in these regions. This is a “natural” or dry-processed version (dried in the whole fruit). Vennel Coffee is a Taiwan-based specialty coffee roaster. For more information, visit www.vennelcoffee.com.tw.
Peacock Coffee Roaster is a specialty coffee roaster in Taipei, Taiwan. Visit https://www.facebook.com/Peacock.Coffee.Roaster for more information.
Produced by Kraig Lee, who manages Uluwehi Farm, entirely of the admired Red Bourbon variety of Arabica and processed by the washed anaerobic method. Paradise Roasters specializes in micro-lot Arabica and Robusta coffees from Asia and other emerging origins. The company prides itself on quality and freshness, craft-roasting coffees in small batches only after orders are placed. Visit www.paradiseroasters.com or call 763-433-0626 for more information.
Produced by smallholding farmers from the admired Wush Wush variety and processed by the fully washed method at Dinkalem Ademe’s washing station. Imported by Catalyst Trade. Established in 2010, Red Rooster is an organic-certified micro-roaster focusing on socially conscious, high-quality coffee. Visit redroostercoffee.com or call 540-745-7338 for more information.
Produced at Black Rock Farms entirely of the Typica variety of Arabica and processed by a fermented natural method using a species of lactic acid-producing yeast. Paradise Roasters specializes in micro-lot Arabica and Robusta coffees from Asia and other emerging origins. The company prides itself on quality and freshness, craft-roasting coffees in small batches only after orders are placed. Visit www.paradiseroasters.com or call 763-433-0626 for more information.
Produced at Miranda Farms entirely of the Yellow Caturra variety of Arabica and processed by the natural anaerobic method. Paradise Roasters specializes in micro-lot Arabica and Robusta coffees from Asia and other emerging origins. The company prides itself on quality and freshness, craft-roasting coffees in small batches only after orders are placed. Visit www.paradiseroasters.com or call 763-433-0626 for more information.
This exceptional coffee was selected as the No. 22 coffee on Coffee Review’s list of the Top 30 Coffees of 2020.  Certified organic. Produced by Eddy Ramirez at Ramirez Estate and processed by the red honey method, meaning that some fruit flesh or “honey” was allowed to adhere to the beans during drying. Café Kreyol is a roaster in Manassas, Virginia with the mission of creating sustainable employment by way of specialty coffee. Visit www.cafekreyol.com or call 571-719-7018 for more information.
Produced by Gonzalo Hernandez and Jose Padilla at Coffea Diversa farm entirely of the Yellow Dalle variety of Arabica and processed by the honey method, in which some fruit flesh is left on the beans during the drying process. Paradise Roasters specializes in micro-lot Arabica and Robusta coffees from Asia and other emerging origins. The company prides itself on quality and freshness, craft-roasting coffees in small batches only after orders are placed. Visit www.paradiseroasters.com or call 763-433-0626 for more information.
This exceptional coffee was selected as the No. 15 coffee on Coffee Review’s list of the Top 30 Coffees of 2020. Produced at Hala Tree farm entirely of the Typica variety of Arabica and processed by the honey anaerobic method. Hala Tree Coffee is a family-owned coffee farm in the heart of the Kona coffee belt, overlooking historic Kealakekua Bay. The 100% Kona Coffee produced on this USDA organic-certified property is processed and roasted on site to ensure quality. For more information, visit www.halatreecoffee.com.
Produced at Hala Tree farm entirely of the celebrated Geisha variety of Arabica and processed by the conventional washed method (fruit skin and pulp are removed before drying). Hala Tree Coffee is a family-owned coffee farm in the heart of the Kona coffee belt, overlooking historic Kealakekua Bay. The 100% Kona Coffee produced on this USDA organic-certified property is processed and roasted on site to ensure quality. For more information, visit www.halatreecoffee.com.
Produced at Hala Tree farm as a blend of washed Red Bourbon and natural Typica varieties of Arabica. Hala Tree Coffee is a family-owned coffee farm in the heart of the Kona coffee belt, overlooking historic Kealakekua Bay. The 100% Kona Coffee produced on this USDA organic-certified property is processed and roasted on site to ensure quality. For more information, visit www.halatreecoffee.com.
Produced at Hala Tree farm entirely of the Typica variety of Arabica and processed by the natural anaerobic method. Hala Tree Coffee is a family-owned coffee farm in the heart of the Kona coffee belt, overlooking historic Kealakekua Bay. The 100% Kona Coffee produced on this USDA organic-certified property is processed and roasted on site to ensure quality. For more information, visit www.halatreecoffee.com.
Produced by Abu Coffee entirely of the Geisha variety of Arabica and processed by the anaerobic slow dry (ASD) natural method. Kakalove Café is a nano-roaster located in the small city of Chia-Yi in Taiwan that strives to procure and roast the finest quality coffee. Visit www.kakalovecafe.com.tw or email [email protected] for more information.
Yirgacheffe coffees like this one are largely produced from traditional Ethiopian landrace varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. A wet-processed or “washed” version (fruit skin and pulp are removed before drying). Founded in 1990, Lexington Coffee is an award-winning artisan roasting company based in Virginia. Lexington’s focus on fresh, distinctive and sustainable coffee is reflected in its motto, “Fresh, Flavorful & Fair.” Visit www.lexingtoncoffee.com or call 800-322-6505 for more information.
Produced by Luis Pedro Zelaya Zamora from trees of the Bourbon and Caturra varieties of Arabica and processed by the washed method. Big Shoulders Coffee is a Chicago artisan roaster that emphasizes a fresh-roasted, no-nonsense approach to fine coffee. Visit www.bigshoulderscoffee.com or call 312-846-1439 for more information.
Produced by Sopa at her namesake estate (from the Typica and Catuai varieties of Arabica) in far northern Thailand where coffee is being planted as an alternative cash crop to replace opium. Paradise Roasters specializes in micro-lot Arabica and Robusta coffees from Asia and other emerging origins. The company prides itself on quality and freshness, craft-roasting coffees in small batches only after orders are placed. Visit www.paradiseroasters.com or call 763-433-0626 for more information.
A blend of 75% Brazil and 25% East Timor coffees roasted for espresso. Souvenir Coffee, based in Berkeley, California goes by the motto, “People first, then coffee.” Visit www.souvenir-coffee.com for more information.
Produced by smallholding farmers entirely from the Bourbon variety of Arabica and processed at the Buhorwa Washing Station. Benefiting from ideal growing conditions and large plantings of Bourbon and related heirloom varieties of Arabica, Burundi coffee has developed a growing following among North American roasters and enthusiasts. Big Shoulders Coffee is a Chicago artisan roaster that emphasizes a fresh-roasted, no-nonsense approach to fine coffee. Visit www.bigshoulderscoffee.com or call 312-846-1439 for more information.
Produced at La Trincheras entirely of the Bourbon and Garnica varieties of Arabica and processed by the washed method. JBC Coffee Roasters’ vision is simple: “let the coffee lead the way” through sourcing and roasting the best and most unique coffees available and rewarding the farmers who grow those coffees with substantial premiums. Visit www.jbccoffeeroasters.com or call 608-256-5282 for more information.
Produced by Oscar Omar Alonzo of Finca Cual Bicicleta entirely of the Catuai variety of Arabica and processed by the natural method (beans are dried in the whole fruit). Merge is a specialty coffee roaster in Harrisonburg, Virginia dedicated to ethical sourcing of high-quality coffees. Visit www.mergecoffeeco.com for more information.
Produced by Rudy Garay at Finca Peña Blanca entirely of the Catuai variety of Arabica and processed by the black honey method, in which the skins are removed from the fruit but virtually all of the pulp is allowed to dry on the beans, often resulting in a deep, pungent profile. Merge is a specialty coffee roaster in Harrisonburg, Virginia dedicated to ethical sourcing of high-quality coffees. Visit www.mergecoffeeco.com for more information.
Produced by Tony Castro of Finca La Joya entirely of the Paraneima variety of Arabica and processed by the natural method (beans are dried in the whole fruit). Merge is a specialty coffee roaster in Harrisonburg, Virginia dedicated to ethical sourcing of high-quality coffees. Visit www.mergecoffeeco.com for more information.
This washed-process Kenya coffee was exposed to cultured strains of bacteria extracted from the excrement of the civet cat, making this a laboratory version of the famous kopi luwak, in which coffee fruit is eaten by and passed through the intestines of a civet cat or luwak. Good Chance Biotechnology., Ltd. is a Taiwan-based specialty coffee company. For more information, visit http://www.magiccat.pro/ or email [email protected]
This coffee was produced from largely indiginous landrace varieties of Arabica grown only in southern Ethiopia. It was subsequently exposed to cultured strains of bacteria extracted from the excrement of the civet cat, making this a laboratory version of the famous kopi luwak, in which coffee fruit is eaten by and passed through the intestines of a civet cat or luwak. Good Chance Biotechnology., Ltd. is a Taiwan-based specialty coffee company. For more information, visit http://www.magiccat.pro/ or email [email protected]
Yirgacheffe coffees like this one are largely produced from traditional Ethiopian landrace varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. This is a wet-processed or “washed” version (fruit skin and pulp are removed before drying). Founded by Taylor Fields in 2018, Nostalgia is a third-wave mobile coffee shop that recently began also selling its coffee online. Visit www.nostalgiacoffeeroasters.com for more information.
Coffees from the Yirgacheffe region are produced from distinctive, largely indigenous Ethiopian varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. Processed by the natural method (dried in the whole fruit). In addition to his retail roasting operation, Aroma Roast Coffees, Simon Hsieh also operates Soaring Phoenix Trading, a business focused on purpose-built commercial espresso blends and high-quality single-origin coffees. Customers can also visit the new showroom, Chateau Andy, in Taipei City. Visit www.facebook.com/4ArtsZeroDefectCoffees or call 886-0983-749876 for more information.
Produced at Zhou-Zhu-Yuan Farm from the Bourbon, Typica and Sigarar Utan varieties of Arabica and processed by the washed method. In addition to his retail roasting operation, Aroma Roast Coffees, Simon Hsieh also operates Soaring Phoenix Trading, a business focused on purpose-built commercial espresso blends and high-quality single-origin coffees. Customers can also visit the new showroom, Chateau Andy, in Taipei City. Visit www.facebook.com/4ArtsZeroDefectCoffees or call 886-0983-749876 for more information.
Produced by smallholding farmers and comprised of coffees from trees of the 74-158, 74-110 and Setami varieties of Arabica and processed by the natural anaerobic method (fermented in the whole fruit with limited oxygen). Theory Coffee is a specialty roaster based in Redding, California. Visit www.theorycoffee.com for more information.
Produced by smallholding farmers from the Ateng, Jember and Garundang varieties of Arabica. Coffees like this one from the northern part of the Indonesian island of Sumatra are valued for their complex earth and fruit notes that appear to result largely from unorthodox fruit removal and drying practices called “wet-hulling.” This is a particularly refined example of the type, produced in the Lintong region south of Lake Toba, one of the oldest and most admired of Sumatra growing regions. Jackrabbit Java selects the finest coffees from around the world and roasts them in Thermopolis, Wyoming’s mountain air. All Jackrabbit Java coffees are specialty-grade and roasted to order. Visit www.jackrabbitjava.com for more information.
Produced by Dagoberto Marin Ludeña from trees of the Bourbon, Catimor, Catuai, Caturra and Typica varieties of Arabica and processed by the washed method (fruit skin and pulp are removed before drying). SkyTop Coffee is a USDA certified-organic specialty coffee roaster based in Manlius, New York. For more information, visit skytopcoffee.com.
A blend comprised of a wet-processed coffee from Brazil Terra Matas de Minas, a dried-in-the-fruit or “natural”-processed Ethiopia Sidamo and a honey-processed Costa Rica Sonora Estate Red Catuai. Temple Coffee is a quality-focused retail and wholesale specialty roaster active in Sacramento, California since 2005. Committed to sourcing, roasting and brewing the finest coffees, Temple features coffee from distinguished single estates and cooperatives around the world. Visit www.templecoffee.com or call 916-454-1282 for more information.
Produced by members of the Asociación de Cafés Diferenciados Brisas Nevado de la Vereda el Mirador Cadibrine from trees of the Caturra, Castillo, Colombia and Typica varieties of Arabica and processed by the washed method (fruit skin and pulp are removed before drying). SkyTop Coffee is a USDA certified-organic specialty coffee roaster based in Manlius, New York. For more information, visit skytopcoffee.com.
Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one are largely produced from distinctive indigenous Ethiopian landrace varieties of Arabica long grown in their respective regions. This is a dry-processed or “natural” version, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit rather than after the fruit has been removed, as is the case with wet-processed or “washed” coffees. Drink Coffee Do Stuff operates a roastery in Truckee, California and a coffee shop in nearby Incline Village, Nevada. Visit www.drinkcoffeedostuff.com for more information.
Sourced by importer Coffee Shrub from a family-owned farm; produced entirely of the celebrated Gesha (also spelled Geisha) variety of Arabica and processed by the washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed before drying). RamsHead Coffee Roasters is a family-owned company founded by Bozeman, Montana natives Caleb and Laura Walker. RamsHead specializes in direct trade microlot coffees. For more information, visit www.ramsheadcoffee.com.
Produced at Santa Felisa farm entirely of the Geisha (also spelled Gesha) variety of Arabica and processed by the natural method (dried in the whole fruit). Euphora Coffee is a Taipei-based specialty coffee roaster with an active online community through which all sales are made. Visit www.euphoracoffeestudio.com for more information.
Comprised entirely of the Geisha variety of Arabica and processed by the washed method (fruit skin and pulp are removed before drying). Sunny’s Coffee is a café and roastery in the Tochigi Prefecture specializing in craft-roasted coffees and house-made food. Visit sunnyscoffee.thebase.in for more information. 
Despite grower discontent, unclear government coffee policy and urban encroachment on prime coffee lands, the famed Kenya coffee auction system and its participating cooperatives continue to produce some of the world's most elegant and distinctive coffees. Sunny’s Coffee is a café and roastery in the Tochigi Prefecture specializing in craft-roasted coffees and house-made food. Visit sunnyscoffee.thebase.in for more information. 
This exceptional coffee was selected as the No. 25 coffee on Coffee Review’s list of the Top 30 Coffees of 2021. Produced and roasted by the Meza family at Finca Tasta, a 56-acre farm in Peru that has 19 acres cultivated with coffee and 22 acres of forest preserve.  This coffee consists entirely of the bold-beaned Pacamara variety of Arabica and is processed by the natural method (dried in the whole fruit). International shipping available. Visit www.fincatasta.com for more information.
Produced and roasted by the Meza family at Finca Tasta, a 56-acre farm in Peru that has 19 acres cultivated with coffee and 22 acres of forest preserve.  This coffee consists entirely of the Pacamara variety of Arabica and is processed by the natural anaerobic method (whole fruit is fermented with limited oxygen). International shipping available. Visit www.fincatasta.com for more information.
Produced by Luis and Rigoberto Herrera from trees of the Caturra and Colombia varieties of Arabica. This is a dry-processed or “natural” coffee, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit rather than after the fruit has been removed, as is the case with wet-processed or “washed” coffees. Coffee Please is an artisanal roastery and cafe in Taipei’s Beitou District, famous for the nearby Yangming Mountain hot springs. Visit www.facebook.com/CoffeepleaseTW for more information.
Produced by Oscar and Francisca Chacon entirely from trees of the Caturra variety of Arabica and fermented inside a hermetically sealed vessel, making it a version of what the coffee industry has come to call “anaerobic” or limited-oxygen processing. Coffee Please is an artisanal roastery and cafe in Taipei’s Beitou District, famous for the nearby Yangming Mountain hot springs. Visit www.facebook.com/CoffeepleaseTW for more information.
Produced by Oscar and Francisca Chacon from trees of the Caturra and Catuai varieties of Arabica; certified organically grown. Processed by the red honey method, meaning that some fruit flesh (“honey”) was allowed to adhere to the beans during drying. Located in southwestern Colorado, Durango Coffee lays claim to a rich coffee history that dates to 1986. Its motto is “Tough Town, Great Coffee.” Visit www.durangocoffee.com or call 800-748-2275 for more information.
Produced by smallholding farmers in Kenta Village of the Typica, Arusha and Bourbon varieties of Arabica and processed by the washed method. Revel Coffee is a micro-roaster located in Billings, Montana. Its motto: “Quality is paramount – a difference you can revel in.” Visit www.revelcoffee.com or call 406-534-9621 for more information.
Guji is nestled next to Ethiopia's better-known Yirgacheffe and Sidamo growing regions. Processed by the wet or washed method (fruit skin and pulp are removed before drying).  94 Fresh Coffee is a specialty coffee roaster based in Kaohsiung City that specializes in espresso, including training and machine sales, with wholesale pricing available for all coffees. Visit https://www.facebook.com/94freshcoffee/ for more information.
Guji is nestled next to Ethiopia's better-known Yirgacheffe and Sidamo growing regions. This is a “natural” or dry-processed coffee (dried in the whole fruit).  Normandy Coffee is a Kaohsiung-based in-house micro-roaster that serves Thai cuisine in its coffee shop. Visit https://m.facebook.com/normandycoffee/ for more information.
Kauai Coffee, Hawaii’s largest coffee producer, operates a popular visitor center and tasting room on its farm on the south coast of the Hawaiian island of Kauai. This entirely estate-grown coffee was aged in charred rum barrels after processing by the washed method. Visit www.kauaicoffee.com for more information.
Coffee from trees of the botanical variety Geisha (also Gesha) grown on Price Peterson’s Hacienda La Esmeralda in Panama first introduced this extraordinary variety of Arabica to the world. This is a wet-processed or “washed” version, meaning the fruit skin and pulp were removed from the beans immediately after harvesting but before drying. Big Shoulders Coffee is a Chicago artisan roaster that emphasizes a fresh-roasted, no-nonsense approach to fine coffee. Visit www.bigshoulderscoffee.com or call 312-846-1439 for more information. 
Produced by Ato Yidnekachew Seleshi from trees of the admired indigenous 74110 selection of Arabica and processed by the natural method (dried in the whole fruit). Paradise Roasters specializes in micro-lot Arabica and Robusta coffees from Asia and other emerging origins. The company prides itself on quality and freshness, craft-roasting coffees in small batches only after orders are placed. Visit www.paradiseroasters.com or call 763-433-0626 for more information.
Certified organic and fair trade. Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one are largely produced from distinctive indigenous Ethiopian landrace varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. This is a dry-processed or “natural” version, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit rather than after the fruit has been removed, as is the case with wet-processed or “washed” coffees. Souvenir Coffee, based in Berkeley, California goes by the motto, “People first, then coffee.” Visit www.souvenir-coffee.com for more information.
Produced by smallholding farmers from trees of the 74110, 74112 and other local selected varieties of Arabica and processed by the natural method at the Sookoo Washing Station. Paradise Roasters specializes in micro-lot Arabica and Robusta coffees from Asia and other emerging origins. The company prides itself on quality and freshness, craft-roasting coffees in small batches only after orders are placed. Visit www.paradiseroasters.com or call 763-433-0626 for more information.
Produced by Wilmer Alarcon Mirez from trees of the Bourbon, Typica and Caturra varieties of Arabica and processed by the washed method. Big Shoulders Coffee is a Chicago artisan roaster that emphasizes a fresh-roasted, no-nonsense approach to fine coffee. Visit www.bigshoulderscoffee.com or call 312-846-1439 for more information. 
Produced by smallholding farmers from trees of the Typica, Caturra and Catuai varieties of Arabica and fermented in the whole fruit with wine yeasts, then dried, still in the whole fruit. Paradise Roasters specializes in micro-lot Arabica and Robusta coffees from Asia and other emerging origins. The company prides itself on quality and freshness, craft-roasting coffees in small batches only after orders are placed. Visit www.paradiseroasters.com or call 763-433-0626 for more information.
Guji is nestled next to Ethiopia's better-known Yirgacheffe and Sidamo growing regions. This is a “natural” or dry-processed coffee (dried in the whole fruit). Kakalove Café is a nano-roaster located in the small city of Chia-Yi in Taiwan that strives to procure and roast the finest quality coffee. Visit www.kakalovecafe.com.tw or email [email protected] for more information.
Yirgacheffe is a coffee region in southern Ethiopia that produces distinctive coffees from traditional landrace varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. Processed by the natural method (dried in the whole fruit). Established in 2009 by Amy and Scott Angelo, Oceana brews specialty coffees that have been roasted in small batches at its roasting house and café in Tequesta, Florida. Oceana reports that its staff is obsessed with every detail of the process, from sourcing the beans to how the coffee is poured, aimed at ensuring that every cup is as rich and resonant as it should be. Visit www.oceanacoffee.com for more information.
Produced on K&J Farm in the Ka’u growing region.  Processed by the black honey method, in which the skins are removed from the fruit but virtually all of the pulp is allowed to dry slowly on the beans, often resulting in a deep, pungent profile. Big Island Coffee is an award-winning coffee roaster operated with hands-on passion by Kelleigh Stewart and Brandon von Damitz. Visit www.bigislandcoffeeroasters.com for more information. 
A blend of aged wet-hulled Sumatra and honey-processed Ethiopia coffees roasted for espresso. Paradise Roasters specializes in micro-lot Arabica and Robusta coffees from Asia and other emerging origins. The company prides itself on quality and freshness, craft-roasting coffees in small batches only after orders are placed. Visit www.paradiseroasters.com or call 763-433-0626 for more information.
Produced in the Valley of Tears region of Taiwan entirely of the Typica variety of Arabica and processed by the honey anaerobic (limited oxygen ferment) method. MT49 Cafe is a specialty coffee shop and bakery in Taichung City, Taiwan. Visit https://www.facebook.com/MT49cafe/  for more information.
Produced at Panid Choosit Farm entirely from trees of the Robusta species and processed by the washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed before drying). Paradise Roasters specializes in micro-lot Arabica and Robusta coffees from Asia and other emerging origins. The company prides itself on quality and freshness, craft-roasting coffees in small batches only after orders are placed. Visit www.paradiseroasters.com or call 763-433-0626 for more information.
Despite grower discontent, contested government coffee policy and urban encroachment on prime coffee lands, the famed Kenya coffee auction system and its participating cooperatives continue to produce some of the world’s most elegant and distinctive coffees. Like most Kenyas, a wet-processed or washed coffee  (fruit skin and pulp are removed before drying). Kakalove Café is a nano-roaster located in the small city of Chia-Yi in Taiwan that strives to procure and roast the finest quality coffee. Visit www.kakalovecafe.com.tw or email [email protected] for more information.
Produced at Panid Choosit Farm entirely from trees of the Robusta species and processed by the washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed before drying). Paradise Roasters specializes in micro-lot Arabica and Robusta coffees from Asia and other emerging origins. The company prides itself on quality and freshness, craft-roasting coffees in small batches only after orders are placed. Visit www.paradiseroasters.com or call 763-433-0626 for more information.
A blend of coffees from Colombia, Guatemala and Brazil, all washed-process. Red House Cafe, based in Taoyuan, Taiwan, is a coffee shop that produces Red Bean Coffee, its own line of specialty coffees roasted by Chi Chung Hsu. Visit www.facebook.com/033389288.com.te/ for more information.
Guji is nestled next to Ethiopia's better-known Yirgacheffe and Sidamo growing regions. Processed by the wet or washed method (fruit skin and pulp are removed before drying). Kakalove Café is a nano-roaster located in the small city of Chia-Yi in Taiwan that strives to procure and roast the finest quality coffee. Visit www.kakalovecafe.com.tw or email [email protected] for more information.
A natural-processed coffee produced in the Sun Moon Lake region of Taiwan. Red House Cafe, based in Taoyuan, Taiwan, is a coffee shop that produces Red Bean Coffee, its own line of specialty coffees roasted by Chi Chung Hsu. Visit www.facebook.com/033389288.com.te/ for more information.
Produced by Efrain Carhuallocllo and Maria Arevalo Vasquez entirely of the celebrated Gesha (also spelled Geisha) variety of Arabica and processed by the washed method (fruit skin and pulp are removed before drying). Wonderstate Coffee, formerly Kickapoo Coffee, is an award-winning roaster based in rural Wisconsin known for its commitment to guaranteeing higher pay for farmers and being the country’s first 100% solar-powered roastery. Visit wonderstate.com for more information.
An espresso blend comprised of washed-process coffees from Panama, Ethiopia and Kenya. NINETYs Roastery is a Hong Kong-based coffee shop specializing in Australian style coffee and hospitality. Visit https://www.ninetys.com.hk/ for more information.
Yirgacheffe is a coffee region in southern Ethiopia that produces distinctive coffees from traditional landrace varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. This is a “natural” or dry-processed version, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit, encouraging a flavor profile that is less predictable and deeper than the wet-processed floral- and citrus-toned Yirgacheffe profile. Quartet Kaffe is an artisan roastery in Taiwan founded in 2018, dedicated to pursuing coffee performance art and offering unique specialty coffee. Visit www.facebook.com/QuartetKaffe for more information.
Southern Ethiopia produces distinctive coffees from traditional, largely indigenous varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. This lot was processed by the wet or washed method (fruit skin and pulp are removed before drying). Quartet Kaffe is an artisan roastery in Taiwan founded in 2018, dedicated to pursuing coffee performance art and offering unique specialty coffee. Visit www.facebook.com/QuartetKaffe for more information.
Produced at Alluring Scent Coffee Estate from the Typica variety of Arabica and processed by the natural method. Quartet Kaffe is an artisan roastery in Taiwan founded in 2018, dedicated to pursuing coffee performance art and offering unique specialty coffee. Visit www.facebook.com/QuartetKaffe for more information.
Produced in the Blue Pine Forest of Haiti from the Typica and Blue Mountain varieties of Arabica and processed by the washed method. Kafe 1804 is a specialty coffee roaster founded by David and Gewaldine Dallemand, specializing in the coffees of Haiti. Visit https://www.kafe1804.com/ for more information.
Produced by Lorena Castillo Castellanos of Sierra Roja Farm entirely of the Geisha variety of Arabica, and processed by the washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed before drying). GK Coffee is a nano-roastery in Yilan, Taiwan that offers both retail and wholesale coffee. For more information, visit www.gkcoffee.com.tw or email [email protected]
Produced in the Blue Pine Forest of Haiti from the Typica and Blue Mountain varieties of Arabica and processed by the washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed before drying).  Kafe 1804 is a specialty coffee roaster founded by David and Gewaldine Dallemand specializing in the coffees of Haiti. Visit https://www.kafe1804.com/ for more information.
Yirgacheffe is a coffee region in southern Ethiopia that produces distinctive coffees largely from indigenous varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. This is a “natural” or dry-processed version (beans are dried in the whole fruit). RamsHead Coffee Roasters is a family-owned company founded by Bozeman, Montana natives Caleb and Laura Walker. RamsHead specializes in direct trade microlot coffees. For more information, visit www.ramsheadcoffee.com.
Produced at Finca Potosi from trees of the Caturra and Colombia varieties of Arabica and processed by the washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed before drying). Founded in 2013, modcup coffee focuses on fresh roasting and distinctive natural-processed coffees. Visit modcup.com for more information.
Produced by the Taborda Cortez family entirely of the celebrated Geisha variety of Arabica and processed by the natural method (dried in the whole fruit). Blues Brew Coffee is Taipei-based coffee roaster seeking the highest quality coffees for the enjoyment of global coffee-lovers. For more information, visit https://www.facebook.com/bluesbrewcoffee. 
Produced by Elias & Shady Bayter of the Vergel Family Farm entirely of the admired Java variety of Arabica and processed by the anaerobic natural method (whole fruit subject to oxygen-restricted fermentation before drying). Brioso Coffee is a micro-roaster, coffee bar and café in the Discovery District of Columbus, Ohio. Visit www.briosocoffee.com for more information.
Produced by Diofanor Ruiz of Buenavista Farm entirely of the Castillo variety of Arabica and processed by the natural method (dried in the whole fruit). Plat Coffee is a specialty roaster and café in Hong Kong. For more information, visit www.platcoffee.com.
Produced at Café Granja La Esperanza from trees of the Colombia and Castillo varieties of Arabica and processed by the washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed before drying). Founded in 2015, the Greater Goods mission is to enrich the lives of coffee-drinkers through passion, creativity, innovation and commitment to the consistency of the specialty coffee the company roasts, and through the local causes supported with its proceeds. Visit greatergoodsroasting.com or call 512-858-2680 for more information.
Produced by Angel Capa Carrion from trees of the Caturra, Typica, San Salvador and  Yellow Catimor varieties of Arabica and processed by the washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed before drying). JBC Coffee Roasters’ vision is simple: “let the coffee lead the way” through sourcing and roasting the best and most unique coffees available and rewarding the farmers who grow those coffees with substantial premiums. Visit www.jbccoffeeroasters.com or call 608-256-5282 for more information.
Produced at La Virgen Farms entirely of the Caturra variety of Arabica and processed by the washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed before drying). RamsHead Coffee Roasters is a family-owned company founded by Bozeman, Montana natives Caleb and Laura Walker. RamsHead specializes in direct trade microlot coffees. For more information, visit www.ramsheadcoffee.com.
Produced by Roxana Rangel from trees of the Yellow Caturra and Typica varieties of Arabica and processed by the washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed before drying). JBC Coffee Roasters’ vision is simple: “let the coffee lead the way” through sourcing and roasting the best and most unique coffees available and rewarding the farmers who grow those coffees with substantial premiums. Visit www.jbccoffeeroasters.com or call 608-256-5282 for more information.
JBC Coffee Roasters’ vision is simple: “let the coffee lead the way” through sourcing and roasting the best and most unique coffees available and rewarding the farmers who grow those coffees with substantial premiums. Visit www.jbccoffeeroasters.com or call 608-256-5282 for more information.
Spirit Animal Coffee is a Honduras-based coffee roaster that sources green microlot coffees from local Honduran farmers.  The company partners with farmers to develop sustainable techniques centered around regenerative agriculture. This lot was Produced by Alejandro Martinez Aguilar from trees of the Bourbon and Catuai varieties of Arabica and processed by the washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed before drying). Visit spiritanimalcoffee.com for more information.
A blend of natural- and washed-process Ethiopia coffees, roasted for espresso. One Fresh Cup is a specialty roaster founded in 2005 and based in Taipei, Taiwan. Visit www.onefreshcup.com.tw for more information.
This exceptional coffee was selected as the No. 16 coffee on Coffee Review’s list of the Top 30 Coffees of 2021. Produced by Doug McKenna of Kona Geisha Farm  entirely of the Geisha variety of Arabica and processed in the whole fruit with the addition of a fermentation step applying wine yeast strains. Paradise Roasters specializes in micro-lot Arabica and Robusta coffees from Asia and other emerging origins. The company prides itself on quality and freshness, craft-roasting coffees in small batches only after orders are placed. Visit www.paradiseroasters.com or call 763-433-0626 for more information.
Produced by Dafis Abafita on his farm near the village of Beshasha and processed by the natural method (beans are dried in the whole fruit). Roasted at PT’s Coffee, where the motto is “without the love, it’s just coffee.” Visit www.ptscoffee.com or call 888-678-JAVA for more information.
Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one are largely produced from distinctive indigenous Ethiopian varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. Processed by the wet or washed method (fruit skin and pulp are removed before drying). Kakalove Café is a nano-roaster located in the small city of Chia-Yi in Taiwan that strives to procure and roast the finest quality coffee. Visit www.kakalovecafe.com.tw or email [email protected] for more information.
Produced on K&J Farm in the Ka’u growing region from trees of the Yellow Bourbon variety of Arabica and processed by the washed method (fruit skin and pulp are removed before drying). Big Island Coffee is an award-winning coffee roaster operated with hands-on passion by Kelleigh Stewart and Brandon von Damitz. Visit www.bigislandcoffeeroasters.com for more information.
Guji is nestled next to Ethiopia's better-known Yirgacheffe and Sidamo growing regions. This is a “natural” or dry-processed coffee (dried in the whole fruit). Kakalove Café is a nano-roaster located in the small city of Chia-Yi in Taiwan that strives to procure and roast the finest quality coffee. Visit www.kakalovecafe.com.tw or email [email protected] for more information.
Produced by smallholding farmers and processed at the Mahiga Washing Station and by the washed method. Founded by Taylor Fields in 2018, Nostalgia is a third-wave mobile coffee shop that recently began also selling its coffee online. Visit www.nostalgiacoffeeroasters.com for more information.
This exceptional coffee was selected as the No. 29 coffee on Coffee Review’s list of the Top 30 Coffees of 2021. Produced by smallholding members of the Kinini Coffee Cooperative (85% of whom are women). Consists entirely of the Bourbon variety of Arabica, and processed by the washed method. Roasted at PT’s Coffee, where the motto is “without the love, it’s just coffee.” Visit www.ptscoffee.com or call 888-678-JAVA for more information.
Produced at the Janson Family Farm entirely of the big-beaned Pacamara variety of Arabica and processed by the natural, dried-in-the-whole-fruit, method. Prairie Lily is an artisan roaster based in Saskatchewan, Canada with a focus on quality sourcing and precise roasting that highlights the best qualities of each green coffee. For more information, visit www.prairielilycoffee.com.
Produced at the Janson Family Farm entirely of the Geisha variety of Arabica and processed by the anaerobic natural method (whole fruit subject to oxygen-restricted fermentation before drying). Prairie Lily is an artisan roaster based in Saskatchewan, Canada with a focus on quality sourcing and precise roasting that highlights the best qualities of each green coffee. For more information, visit www.prairielilycoffee.com.
Produced by Kathia Zamora of Cloza Estate from trees of the Caturra and Catuaí varieties of Arabica and processed by the washed method. Souvenir Coffee, based in Berkeley, California, goes by the motto, “People first, then coffee.” Visit www.souvenir-coffee.com for more information.
Produced at Miranda Farms entirely of the Red Catuaí variety of Arabica and processed by the pink honey method, in which coffee is fermented in the whole fruit before skins are removed and the beans are dried with the pinkish-toned fruit flesh or mucilage still adhering to them. Paradise Roasters specializes in micro-lot Arabica and Robusta coffees from Asia and other emerging origins. The company prides itself on quality and freshness, craft-roasting coffees in small batches only after orders are placed. Visit www.paradiseroasters.com or call 763-433-0626 for more information.
Produced at Aloha Hills Farm entirely of the giant-beaned Maragogype variety of Arabica and processed by the pink honey method, in which coffee is fermented in the whole fruit before skins are removed and the beans are dried with the pinkish-toned fruit flesh or mucilage still adhering to them. Paradise Roasters specializes in micro-lot Arabica and Robusta coffees from Asia and other emerging origins. The company prides itself on quality and freshness, craft-roasting coffees in small batches only after orders are placed. Visit www.paradiseroasters.com or call 763-433-0626 for more information.
A blend of coffees from Guatemala, Ethiopia, Brazil and Indonesia roasted for espresso. RD Cafe is a small specialty coffee roaster based in Hsinchu, Taiwan. Visit https://www.facebook.com/rdcafe2015 for more information.
Produced by Bruhwer Coffee at La Hormiga Farm of the Caturra and Typica varieties of Arabica and processed by the natural (dried in the whole fruit) method with a two-day anaerobic (limited oxygen) fermentation stage. Paradise Roasters specializes in micro-lot Arabica and Robusta coffees from Asia and other emerging origins. The company prides itself on quality and freshness, craft-roasting coffees in small batches only after orders are placed. Visit www.paradiseroasters.com or call 763-433-0626 for more information.
A blend of coffees from Brazil, Guatemala and Kenya. MoonMoon Coffee is a Taiwan community coffee retailer and roaster that believes that “coffee is life, and we keep making the coffee better.” MoonMoon in mandarin means “friends.” For more information visit www.facebook.com/mu2coffee/.
Produced by Gonzalo Hernandez and Jose Padilla at Coffea Diversa farm entirely of the Geisha variety of Arabica and processed by the honey method, in which some fruit flesh is left on the beans during the drying process. Paradise Roasters specializes in micro-lot Arabica and Robusta coffees from Asia and other emerging origins. The company prides itself on quality and freshness, craft-roasting coffees in small batches only after orders are placed. Visit www.paradiseroasters.com or call 763-433-0626 for more information.
Yirgacheffe is a coffee region in southern Ethiopia that produces distinctive coffees from traditional varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. This is a “natural” or dry-processed version (dried in the whole fruit). RD Cafe is a small specialty coffee roaster based in Hsinchu, Taiwan. Visit https://www.facebook.com/rdcafe2015 for more information.
Produced by smallholding farmers and processed by the full washed method at Ayele Tulu’s Demeka Becha washing station. Imported by Catalyst Trade. Established in 2010, Red Rooster is an organic-certified micro roaster focusing on socially conscious, high-quality coffee. Visit redroostercoffee.com or call 540-745-7338 for more information.
Processed by the anaerobic natural method (whole fruit subject to oxygen-restricted fermentation before drying). Jackrabbit Java selects the finest coffees from around the world and roasts them in Thermopolis, Wyoming’s mountain air. All Jackrabbit Java coffees are specialty-grade and roasted to order. Visit www.jackrabbitjava.com for more information.
Produced at Mahembe Farm and processed at the Murundo Washing Station by the washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed before drying). Jackrabbit Java selects the finest coffees from around the world and roasts them in Thermopolis, Wyoming’s mountain air. All Jackrabbit Java coffees are specialty-grade and roasted to order. Visit www.jackrabbitjava.com for more information.
This exceptional coffee was selected as the No. 17 coffee on Coffee Review’s list of the Top 30 Coffees of 2021. This coffee earned the highest rating in a cupping of single-farm coffees from Colombia for Coffee Review’s February 2021 report. Produced by Willington Ultengo from trees of the Caturra and Colombia varieties of Arabica and processed by a refined version of the natural method (dried in the whole fruit). Established in 2010, Red Rooster is an organic-certified micro-roaster focusing on socially conscious, high-quality coffee. Visit redroostercoffee.com or call 540-745-7338 for more information.
This coffee tied for the second-highest rating in a cupping of single-farm coffees from Colombia for Coffee Review’s February 2021 report. Produced by Roberto Achicue of Finca El Caucho entirely of the Pink Bourbon variety of Arabica and processed by the washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed before drying). Paradise Roasters specializes in micro-lot Arabica and Robusta coffees from Asia and other emerging origins. The company prides itself on quality and freshness, craft-roasting coffees in small batches only after orders are placed. Visit www.paradiseroasters.com or call 763-433-0626 for more information. 
This coffee tied for the second-highest rating in a cupping of single-farm coffees from Colombia for Coffee Review’s February 2021 report. Produced at Finca La Colombia entirely of the Caturra variety of Arabica and processed by the anaerobic natural method (whole fruit subject to oxygen-restricted fermentation before drying). This coffee is both Rainforest Alliance- and organic-certified. Kakalove Café is a nano-roaster located in the small city of Chia-Yi in Taiwan that strives to procure and roast the finest quality coffee. Visit www.kakalovecafe.com.tw or email [email protected] for more information.
Produced by Jose Juaquin of La Gallera Estate from trees of the admired Bourbon and Sidra varieties of Arabica and processed by the honey method, in which some fruit flesh (“honey”) is allowed to adhere to the beans during drying. Evie’s Café, based in Chia-Yi Taiwan, specializes in fine roasted coffees as well as pour-overs and cold-brews. Visit https://m.facebook.com/eviescafe88/ for more information.
Produced by Jose Ortiz of Finca El Danubio from trees of the Tabi and Pink Bourbon varieties of Arabica and processed by the washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed before drying).   Badbeard's Microroastery is a Portland, Oregon-based small-batch roaster focused on quality and freshness. Badbeard's encourages its customers to "make great coffee at home."For each bag sold, Badbeard's donates over $5 to Pink Lemonade Project, a non-profit organization dedicated to serving those affected by breast cancer in the Portland, Oregon and Vancouver, Washington metro area. Visit www.badbeardscoffee.com or call 503-232-7327 for more information.
Produced by Diego Samuel Bermudez Tapia of the Castillo, Caturra and Colombia varieties of Arabica and processed by the double anaerobic method (subject to oxygen-restricted fermentation first in the whole fruit, then, after skins are removed, in the fruit flesh). Dory Coffee Roasters is a Taipei-based nano-roaster of specialty coffee. For more information, visit https://www.facebook.com/dorycoffee99/.
Produced by Diever Galindez entirely from trees of the Pink Bourbon variety of Arabica and processed by the washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed before drying). JBC Coffee Roasters’ vision is simple: “let the coffee lead the way” through sourcing and roasting the best and most unique coffees available and rewarding the farmers who grow those coffees with substantial premiums. Visit www.jbccoffeeroasters.com or call 608-256-5282 for more information.
Comprised entirely of the celebrated Geisha variety of Arabica and processed by the traditional washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before drying). Regent Coffee was founded by Leon and Di Nie who left China to pursue the American dream by way of coffee. With more than 10 years of roasting experience, Regent strives to deliver coffee with care and purpose. Visit regentcoffee.com for more information.
This blend of coffees from Brazil, Guatemala and Sumatra is Nostalgia Coffee Roasters’ updated offering of its popular house blend for 2021. Founded by Taylor Fields in 2018, Nostalgia will continue to roll out new coffees for online sale. Visit www.nostalgiacoffeeroasters.com for more information.
Produced by smallholding farmers from trees of the Bourbon and Typica varieties of Arabica and processed by the washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed before beans are dried). JBC Coffee Roasters’ vision is simple: “let the coffee lead the way” through sourcing and roasting the best and most unique coffees available and rewarding the farmers who grow those coffees with substantial premiums. Visit www.jbccoffeeroasters.com or call 608-256-5282 for more information.
A blend of washed-process coffees from Ethiopia, Colombia and Nicaragua roasted for brewed applications. Mi’s Café is an in-store roaster and coffee shop in Kaohsiung City, Taiwan. For more information, call 886-7-2010188, email [email protected] or visit www.facebook.com/MISCOFFEE.
Produced at San Jose Las Victorias Estate from the Caturra and Catuai varieties of Arabica and processed by the natural method (dried in the whole fruit). Euphora Coffee is a Taipei-based specialty coffee roaster with an active online community through which all sales are made. Visit www.euphoracoffeestudio.com for more information.
Despite challenges ranging from contested government coffee policy and urban encroachment on prime coffee lands to chronically unstable weather, Kenya continues to produce some of the world’s most elegant and distinctive coffees. Located in southwestern Colorado, Durango Coffee lays claim to a rich coffee history that dates to 1986. Its motto is “Tough Town, Great Coffee.” Visit www.durangocoffee.com or call 800-748-2275 for more information.
Produced by smallholding farmers from trees of the Abyssinia, Ateng Super and Bor Bor varieties of Arabica and processed by the Indonesia washed and wet-hulled method. JBC Coffee Roasters’ vision is simple: “let the coffee lead the way” through sourcing and roasting the best and most unique coffees available and rewarding the farmers who grow those coffees with substantial premiums. Visit www.jbccoffeeroasters.com or call 608-256-5282 for more information.
Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one processed by the wet or washed method (fruit skin and pulp is removed before the beans are dried) typically express great aromatic complexity and intensity with a particular emphasis on floral and citrus notes. Coffee Please is an artisanal roastery and cafe in Taipei’s Beitou District, famous for the nearby Yangming Mountain hot springs. Visit www.facebook.com/CoffeepleaseTW for more information.
Produced by Francisco Javier Gonzalez of Finca San Antonio from trees of the Typica, Bourbon and Caturra varieties of Arabica and processed by the washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed before beans are dried). JBC Coffee Roasters’ vision is simple: “let the coffee lead the way” through sourcing and roasting the best and most unique coffees available and rewarding the farmers who grow those coffees with substantial premiums. Visit www.jbccoffeeroasters.com or call 608-256-5282 for more information.
Produced by José Alberto Sánchez Suárez at Finca Potosí from trees of the Typica, Caturra, Colombia and Castillo varieties of Arabica and processed by the washed method. Located in southwestern Colorado, Durango Coffee lays claim to a rich coffee history that dates to 1986. Its motto is “Tough Town, Great Coffee.” Visit www.durangocoffee.com or call 800-748-2275 for more information.
Produced by Eulogia Carrillo Julca at La Coipa Farm from trees of the Typica, Pache and Caturra varieties of Arabica and processed by the washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed before beans are dried). JBC Coffee Roasters’ vision is simple: “let the coffee lead the way” through sourcing and roasting the best and most unique coffees available and rewarding the farmers who grow those coffees with substantial premiums. Visit www.jbccoffeeroasters.com or call 608-256-5282 for more information.
Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one are largely produced from distinctive indigenous Ethiopia landrace varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. Processed by the wet or washed method (fruit skin and pulp are removed before the beans are dried). Coffee Please is an artisanal roastery and cafe in Taipei’s Beitou District, famous for the nearby Yangming Mountain hot springs. Visit www.facebook.com/CoffeepleaseTW for more information.
Produced by the Merlaeku family of Beanspire Farm from trees of the Typica, Yellow Catuaí and Chiang Mai 80 varieties of Arabica and processed by the natural method (dried in the whole fruit). Paradise Roasters specializes in micro-lot Arabica and Robusta coffees from Asia and other emerging origins. The company prides itself on quality and freshness, craft-roasting coffees in small batches only after orders are placed. Visit www.paradiseroasters.com or call 763-433-0626 for more information.
Produced by the Pacas family of Finca La Guachoca, entirely of the Orange Bourbon variety of Arabica and processed by the washed method. An integral part of New York’s coffee renaissance, Brooklyn-based Café Grumpy opened its first café in 2005 and has since expanded to 10 locations in New York, including a roasting facility, and one in Miami. Visit www.cafegrumpy.com or call 718-383-0748 for more information.
Produced by Roberto and Rodrigo Dumont of Malacara B Farm entirely of the Orange Bourbon variety of Arabica and processed by the washed method. An integral part of New York’s coffee renaissance, Brooklyn-based Café Grumpy opened its first café in 2005 and has since expanded to 10 locations in New York, including a roasting facility, and one in Miami. Visit www.cafegrumpy.com or call 718-383-0748 for more information.
This exceptional coffee was selected as the No. 9 coffee on Coffee Review’s list of the Top 30 Coffees of 2021. Coffees from the northern part of the Indonesian island of Sumatra are valued for their complex earth and fruit notes that appear to result largely from unorthodox fruit removal and drying practices called “wet-hulling.” This is a particularly refined example of the type. GK Coffee is a nano-roastery in Yilan, Taiwan that offers both retail and wholesale coffee. For more information, visit www.gkcoffee.com.tw or email [email protected]
Despite grower discontent, unclear government coffee policy and urban encroachment on prime coffee lands, the famed Kenya coffee auction system and its participating cooperatives continue to produce some of the world's most elegant and distinctive coffees. Temple Coffee is a quality-focused retail and wholesale specialty roaster active in Sacramento, California since 2005. Committed to sourcing, roasting and brewing the finest coffees, Temple features coffee from distinguished single estates and cooperatives around the world. Visit www.templecoffee.com or call 916-454-1282 for more information.
Produced by Tesfaye Bekele of Suke Quto Farm from trees of the distinctive, local landrace Kurume and Welicho (also Wolisho) varieties of Arabica and processed by the natural method (beans are dried in the whole fruit). Temple Coffee is a quality-focused retail and wholesale specialty roaster active in Sacramento, California since 2005. Committed to sourcing, roasting and brewing the finest coffees, Temple features coffee from distinguished single estates and cooperatives around the world. Visit www.templecoffee.com or call 916-454-1282 for more information.
Produced by Aklilu Taye of Gera Farm and processed by the washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before drying). Temple Coffee is a quality-focused retail and wholesale specialty roaster active in Sacramento, California since 2005. Committed to sourcing, roasting and brewing the finest coffees, Temple features coffee from distinguished single estates and cooperatives around the world. Visit www.templecoffee.com or call 916-454-1282 for more information.
Produced by smallholding farmers from trees of the Typica, Caturra and Bourbon varieties of Arabica and processed by the washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before drying). Temple Coffee is a quality-focused retail and wholesale specialty roaster active in Sacramento, California since 2005. Committed to sourcing, roasting and brewing the finest coffees, Temple features coffee from distinguished single estates and cooperatives around the world. Visit www.templecoffee.com or call 916-454-1282 for more information.
Produced in Costa Rica’s Naranjo growing region and processed by the washed method. San Francisco Bay Coffee is one of five coffee brands produced by the family-owned Rogers Family Company. Visit www.sfbaycoffee.com or call 800-829-1300 for more information.
Produced near Antigua, Guatemala and processed by the washed method. San Francisco Bay Coffee is one of five coffee brands produced by the family-owned Rogers Family Company. Visit www.sfbaycoffee.com or call 800-829-1300 for more information.
Produced by farm manager José Raúl Pitti of Finca Santa Teresa of the Caturra and Catuai varieties of Arabica and processed by the washed method. Old World Coffee Lab is a specialty coffee roaster with cafes in Reno and Carson City, Nevada. Visit www.oldworldcoffee.co for more information. 
Produced by Tony Castro of Finca La Joya and processed by the natural method (beans are dried in the whole fruit). RamsHead Coffee Roasters is a family-owned company founded by Bozeman, Montana natives Caleb and Laura Walker, specializing in direct trade microlot coffees. For more information, visitwww.ramsheadcoffee.com.
Produced by members of the Cobán Chicoj Cooperative and processed by the red honey method, in which some fruit flesh (“honey”) was allowed to adhere to the beans during drying; certified fair-trade. Small Eyes Café is a small, family-owned coffee shop in Yilan, Taiwan, specializing in artisanally roasted specialty coffee and homemade desserts. Visit https://www.facebook.com/Smalleyescafe for more information.
Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one are largely produced from traditional Ethiopian varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. This lot was processed by the wet or washed method (fruit skin and pulp are removed before drying). Southern Ethiopia coffees processed with this method typically express great aromatic complexity and intensity, with a particular emphasis on floral notes. Old World Coffee Lab is a specialty coffee roaster with cafes in Reno and Carson City, Nevada. Visit www.oldworldcoffee.co for more information. 
Produced at Hacienda La Minita and processed by the honey method (skin is removed but at least some of the sticky fruit residue is allowed to dry on the bean). RamsHead Coffee Roasters is a family-owned company founded by Bozeman, Montana natives Caleb and Laura Walker, specializing in direct trade microlot coffees. For more information, visit www.ramsheadcoffee.com.
SOT Coffee Roaster, based in Osaka, Japan, is a Swedish-style roaster with a self-described “aggressively light” roasting style. This coffee was produced by Diego Samuel Bermudez Tapia of the Castillo, Caturra and Colombia varieties of Arabica and processed by a “double-anaerobic method” (subject to oxygen-restricted fermentation first in the whole fruit, then, after skins are removed, in the fruit flesh). For more information, visit www.sotcoffee.com.  
Produced at Songyue Coffee Manor in the highlands of Taiwan entirely of the celebrated Geisha variety of Arabica and processed by the natural method (beans are dried in the whole fruit). SOT Coffee Roaster, based in Osaka, Japan, is a Swedish-style roaster with a self-described “aggressively light” roasting style. For more information, visit www.sotcoffee.com.  
This coffee tied for the second-highest rating in a cupping of “Cause Coffees” for Coffee Review’s March 2021 report. Roasters of these coffees contribute a portion of proceeds to non-profit organizations doing work to improve the lives of others, locally or globally. Processed by the meticulous Kenya variation on the traditional wet or “washed” method, in which skin and fruit flesh are removed from the beans or seeds before they are dried. This sample consists entirely of peaberries, a kind of bean that results when the coffee fruit develops only a single, oval bean rather than the usual pair of flat-sided beans. Wild Goose emphasizes its relationship-driven green coffee sourcing, and for every pound of coffee sold it purchases ten pounds of food for a local food bank, with over 750,000 pounds donated to date. Visit www.wildgoosecoffee.com for more information.
This coffee tied for the second-highest rating in a cupping of “Cause Coffees” for Coffee Review’s March 2021 report. Roasters of these coffees contribute a portion of proceeds to non-profit organizations doing work to improve the lives of others, locally or globally. Muungano, the name of this cooperative, means “togetherness” in Swahili. One-third of the coop’s members are women, many of whom were widowed by war. Produced entirely from trees of strains of the Bourbon variety of Arabica and processed by the washed method (fruit skin and pulp are removed before drying). Wonderstate also donates $1 per pound sold to the non-profit On the Ground, a group devoted to promoting gender equity in the Congo. Wonderstate Coffee, formerly Kickapoo Coffee, is an award-winning roaster based in rural Wisconsin known for its commitment to guaranteeing higher pay for farmers and being the country’s first 100% solar-powered roastery. Visit wonderstate.com for more information.
This coffee tied for the third-highest rating in a cupping of “Cause Coffees” for Coffee Review’s March 2021 report. Roasters of these coffees contribute a portion of proceeds to non-profit organizations doing work to improve the lives of others, locally or globally. 20% of sales from this blend are donated to Direct Relief. This is a blend of washed and natural-processed coffees from Nicaragua, Guatemala and Ethiopia. One of the country’s pioneering socially and environmentally progressive roasters, Thanksgiving aimed to combine coffee quality with social and environmental responsibility many years before the latter preoccupations became fashionable. Visit www.thanksgivingcoffee.com or call 800-648-6491 for more information.
This coffee earned the highest rating in a cupping of “Cause Coffees” for Coffee Review’s March 2021 report. Roasters of these coffees contribute a portion of proceeds to non-profit organizations doing work to improve the lives of others, locally or globally. Green Stone Coffee is a woman-owned artisan roastery in Taipei, Taiwan founded in 2016 and specializing in sourcing distinctive coffees that express their individual terroirs. Green Stone will donate 20% of net profits from the sale of this coffee to The Growth Association. Visit greenstone-coffee.com for more information.
This coffee earned the fourth-highest rating in a cupping of “Cause Coffees” for Coffee Review’s March 2021 report. Roasters of these coffees contribute a portion of proceeds to non-profit organizations doing work to improve the lives of others, locally or globally. Proceeds from the sale of this coffee support the Bellingham Food Bank in Washington State. Founded in 1971 in Bellingham, Washington, Tony’s Coffee is one of the earliest established craft roasteries in the Pacific Northwest. Visit www.tonyscoffee.com for more information.
This coffee tied for the third-highest rating in a cupping of “Cause Coffees” for Coffee Review’s March 2021 report. Roasters of these coffees contribute a portion of proceeds to non-profit organizations doing work to improve the lives of others, locally or globally. Produced by Angela Sevilla of Finca Buena Vista from trees of the Caturra and Catuai varieties of Arabica and processed by the washed method. Sip of Hope is a Chicago-based specialty roaster that contributes 100% of net proceeds to support suicide prevention and mental health education. Visit www.sipofhope.com for more information.
This coffee tied for the third-highest rating in a cupping of “Cause Coffees” for Coffee Review’s March 2021 report. Roasters of these coffees contribute a portion of proceeds to non-profit organizations doing work to improve the lives of others, locally or globally. This coffee is a blend of coffees from Papua New Guinea and Colombia, both washed-process. Proceeds from the sale of this coffee support the Levine Children’s Hospital in Charlotte, North Carolina. Magnolia Coffee is a Charlotte-based specialty roaster whose motto is “Craft roasted. Truly delicious. Socially conscious.” Magnolia particularly emphasizes community engagement through its Local Beans for Local Good programs. Visit www.magnoliacoffeeco.com for more information. 
This coffee tied for the third-highest rating in a cupping of “Cause Coffees” for Coffee Review’s March 2021 report. Roasters of these coffees contribute a portion of proceeds to non-profit organizations doing work to improve the lives of others, locally or globally. Produced by smallholding farmers near the Daye Bense Mill and processed by the washed method. 1951 Coffee Company, founded in 2015, is a non-profit specialty coffee organization that promotes the well-being of the refugee community in the United States by providing job training and employment to refugees, asylees, and special immigrant visa holders while educating the surrounding community about refugee life and issues. Visit https://www.1951coffee.com/ for more information.
This coffee tied for the third-highest rating in a cupping of “Cause Coffees” for Coffee Review’s March 2021 report. Roasters of these coffees contribute a portion of proceeds to non-profit organizations doing work to improve the lives of others, locally or globally. A blend of two coffees: a washed Haiti and a natural-processed Ethiopia. Sales of this coffee benefit Moonshot Academy, a leadership and entrepreneurship accelerator program for high-potential small businesses led by women of Haitian descent. Dávila Kafe was founded by David and Gaïna Dávila to highlight coffees from the underrepresented origins of Haiti and Nicaragua. Visit www.davilakafe.com for more information.
A blend of coffees from South America, Central America and Africa, all wet-processed (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). Roasted for espresso. JBC Coffee Roasters’ vision is simple: “let the coffee lead the way” through sourcing and roasting the best and most unique coffees available and rewarding the farmers who grow those coffees with substantial premiums. Visit www.jbccoffeeroasters.com or call 608-256-5282 for more information.
Produced by members of the Sholi Cooperative, half of whom are women, entirely of Bourbon-related varieties of Arabica and processed by the washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). Temple Coffee is a quality-focused retail and wholesale specialty roaster active in Sacramento, California since 2005. Committed to sourcing, roasting and brewing the finest coffees, Temple features coffee from distinguished single estates and cooperatives around the world. Visit www.templecoffee.com or call 916-454-1282 for more information.
Produced by Zelelu Ararso from indigenous Ethiopian landrace varieties of Arabica and processed by the washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). Certified USDA organic. JBC Coffee Roasters’ vision is simple: “let the coffee lead the way” through sourcing and roasting the best and most unique coffees available and rewarding the farmers who grow those coffees with substantial premiums. Visit www.jbccoffeeroasters.com or call 608-256-5282 for more information.
Produced by Jheyner Román of El Mirador Farm from trees of the Bourbon, Caturra and Typica varieties of Arabica and processed by the washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). Temple Coffee is a quality-focused retail and wholesale specialty roaster active in Sacramento, California since 2005. Committed to sourcing, roasting and brewing the finest coffees, Temple features coffee from distinguished single estates and cooperatives around the world. Visit www.templecoffee.com or call 916-454-1282 for more information.
Produced by Oswal Yovanny Rodriguez Guevara of Finca La Victoria entirely from trees of the Castillo variety and processed by the washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). Temple Coffee is a quality-focused retail and wholesale specialty roaster active in Sacramento, California since 2005. Committed to sourcing, roasting and brewing the finest coffees, Temple features coffee from distinguished single estates and cooperatives around the world. Visit www.templecoffee.com or call 916-454-1282 for more information.
Produced by smallholding farmers from trees of the Linie S, Typica and Kartika varieties of Arabica and processed by the traditional Sumatra wet-hulled method, then deliberately held in an aging warehouse for five years. Paradise Roasters specializes in micro-lot Arabica and Robusta coffees from Asia and other emerging origins. The company prides itself on quality and freshness, craft-roasting coffees in small batches only after orders are placed. Visit www.paradiseroasters.com or call 763-433-0626 for more information.
Produced at Uluwehi Coffee Farm entirely of the SL34 variety of Arabica and processed by the washed method with the addition of wine yeasts during the ferment step. Paradise Roasters specializes in micro-lot Arabica and Robusta coffees from Asia and other emerging origins. The company prides itself on quality and freshness, craft-roasting coffees in small batches only after orders are placed. Visit www.paradiseroasters.com or call 763-433-0626 for more information.
Produced by Erick Fernando Bravo Urbano of Finca El Chapapote entirely of the admired Pink Bourbon variety of Arabica and processed by the washed method. Paradise Roasters specializes in micro-lot Arabica and Robusta coffees from Asia and other emerging origins. The company prides itself on quality and freshness, craft-roasting coffees in small batches only after orders are placed. Visit www.paradiseroasters.com or call 763-433-0626 for more information.
Produced at Daterra Estate entirely from coffee of the Aramosa pre-cultivar, a cross between the Coffea arabica species and the small-beaned Coffea racemosa species from South Africa. This crossbreeding was aimed at combining Racemosa’s low caffeine and drought-resistance with Arabica’s flavor. (Aramosa is a pre-cultivar still under development and study.) Processed by the anaerobic honey method (coffee fruit with skins removed but mucilage intact is subject to reduced oxygen ferment before drying). Paradise Roasters specializes in micro-lot Arabica and Robusta coffees from Asia and other emerging origins. The company prides itself on quality and freshness, craft-roasting coffees in small batches only after orders are placed. Visit www.paradiseroasters.com or call 763-433-0626 for more information.
Produced at Black Rock Farm entirely of the Typica variety of Arabica and processed by the washed method. Paradise Roasters specializes in micro-lot Arabica and Robusta coffees from Asia and other emerging origins. The company prides itself on quality and freshness, craft-roasting coffees in small batches only after orders are placed. Visit www.paradiseroasters.com or call 763-433-0626 for more information.
Produced from coffees of the Chiang Mai 80, Catuai and Typica varieties of Arabica and processed by the white honey method, in which a small amount of fruit flesh is left on the bean during drying. Paradise Roasters specializes in micro-lot Arabica and Robusta coffees from Asia and other emerging origins. The company prides itself on quality and freshness, craft-roasting coffees in small batches only after orders are placed. Visit www.paradiseroasters.com or call 763-433-0626 for more information.
Produced at Bosques de Saman Farm from trees of the Caturra and Castillo varieties of Arabica and processed by the washed method. Lina Premium Coffee is a Bogota-based specialty coffee roaster that works with and supports Colombian farms and farmers. Visit www.linapremiumcoffee.com for more information.
Produced at El Retiro Farm and processed by the washed method. Lina Premium Coffee is a Bogota-based specialty coffee roaster that works with and supports Colombian farms and farmers. Visit www.linapremiumcoffee.com for more information.
Guji is nestled next to Ethiopia's better-known Yirgacheffe and Sidamo growing regions. Produced largely from distinctive indigenous Ethiopian landrace varieties of Arabica. This is a “natural” or dry-processed version (dried in the whole fruit). Bird Rock Coffee Roasters is a retailer and wholesaler focused on organic and socially responsible coffees; it was awarded the “2012 Micro-Roaster of the Year” title by Roast Magazine. Visit www.birdrockcoffee.com or call 858-551-1707 for more information.
Muungano, the name of this cooperative, means “togetherness” in Swahili. One-third of the coop’s members are women, many of whom were widowed by war. Produced entirely from trees related to the Bourbon variety of Arabica and processed by the washed method (fruit skin and pulp are removed before drying). Bird Rock Coffee Roasters is a retailer and wholesaler focused on organic and socially responsible coffees; it was awarded the “2012 Micro-Roaster of the Year” title by Roast Magazine. Visit www.birdrockcoffee.com or call 858-551-1707 for more information.
Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one are produced from distinctive traditional Ethiopian varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. This is a dry-processed or “natural” version, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit rather than after the fruit has been removed, as is the case with wet-processed or “washed” coffees. RanGuo Coffee is a Taipei-based specialty coffee roaster. Visit https://www.facebook.com/ranguo.coffee for more information.
Produced by Valerio Almanza Ccahua of Buena Vista Farm entirely of the SL-09 variety of Arabica and processed by the washed method. SkyTop Coffee is a USDA certified-organic specialty coffee roaster based in Manlius, New York. For more information, visit skytopcoffee.com.
 Yirgacheffe coffees like this one are largely produced from traditional Ethiopian landrace varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. This is a wet-processed or “washed” version (fruit skin and pulp are removed before drying). The green coffee was subsequently stored in oak barrels used to age red wine for several weeks. San Francisco Bay Coffee is one of five coffee brands produced by the family-owned Rogers Family Company. Visit www.sfbaycoffee.com or call 800-829-1300 for more information.
Processed by the washed method using an experimental double fermentation. A 36-hour maceration in the whole fruit is followed by pulping and 60-70 hours of further fermentation. Dragonfly Coffee, named 2019 Micro-Roaster of the Year by Roast magazine, is now based in Henderson, Nevada. Visit dragonflycoffeeroasters.com or call 303-579-2154 for more information.
Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one are largely produced from distinctive indigenous Ethiopian landrace varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. Processed by the natural method (dried in the whole fruit). Atom Coffee is a specialty roaster based in Douliou City, Taiwan. For more information, visit https://m.facebook.com/atomcoffee2019/.
A blend of coffees from Brazil and Colombia, roasted for espresso. Propeller is a Toronto-based micro-roaster with a dedication to careful selection and exceptional craft roasting of high-end coffees. Visit www.propellercoffee.com or call 416-479-3771 for more information.
Produced by the Colbran family from trees of the Arusha and Bourbon varieties of Arabica, and processed by the natural method (beans are dried in the whole fruit). Propeller is a Toronto-based micro-roaster with a dedication to careful selection and exceptional craft roasting of high-end coffees. Visit www.propellercoffee.com or call 416-479-3771 for more information.
A blend of coffees from Colombia and Burundi, both processed by the washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). Propeller is a Toronto-based micro-roaster with a dedication to careful selection and exceptional craft roasting of high-end coffees. Visit www.propellercoffee.com or call 416-479-3771 for more information.
Produced by the Colbran family entirely of the Arusha and Bourbon varieties of Arabica, and processed by the washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). Propeller is a Toronto-based micro-roaster with a dedication to careful selection and exceptional craft roasting of high-end coffees. Visit www.propellercoffee.com or call 416-479-3771 for more information.
Produced by the Colbran family entirely of the Arusha and Bourbon varieties of Arabica and processed by the honey method (skin is removed but at least some of the sticky fruit residue is allowed to dry on the bean). Propeller is a Toronto-based micro-roaster with a dedication to careful selection and exceptional craft roasting of high-end coffees. Visit www.propellercoffee.com or call 416-479-3771 for more information.
Produced at Mashtal ul Burhani farm from trees of the Tuffahi, Dawairi, Jaadi and various other local varieties of Arabica and processed by the natural method (beans are dried in the whole fruit). Paradise Roasters specializes in micro-lot Arabica and Robusta coffees from Asia and other emerging origins. The company prides itself on quality and freshness, craft-roasting coffees in small batches only after orders are placed. Visit www.paradiseroasters.com or call 763-433-0626 for more information.
Produced by Angel Benigno Capa Chama and Maria Carmen Cogitambo Lojan of Reina de la Asuncion Farm from trees of the Caturra and Typica varieties of Arabica and processed by the washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). JBC Coffee Roasters’ vision is simple: “let the coffee lead the way” through sourcing and roasting the best and most unique coffees available and rewarding the farmers who grow those coffees with substantial premiums. Visit www.jbccoffeeroasters.com or call 608-256-5282 for more information.
Produced by Robinson Rozo from a blend of the Geisha and Java varieties of Arabica, both processed by the natural method (beans are dried in the whole fruit). Paradise Roasters specializes in micro-lot Arabica and Robusta coffees from Asia and other emerging origins. The company prides itself on quality and freshness, craft-roasting coffees in small batches only after orders are placed. Visit www.paradiseroasters.com or call 763-433-0626 for more information.
Certified fair trade and USDA Organic. Produced entirely from trees of Bourbon-related varieties of Arabica by members of the SOPACDI cooperative and processed by the washed method at the Nyamasasa Washing Station. Located overlooking Lake Kivu, on the opposite side of the lake from Rwanda, the rapidly growing SOPACDI cooperative now has nearly 6,000 members and is succeeding in its goal to help heal wounds left by the latest in eastern Congo’s seemingly endless string of horrific rebellions and civil wars. Founded in 1990, Roadmap CoffeeWorks, formerly Lexington Coffee Roasters, is an award-winning artisan roasting company based in Lexington, Virginia. Roadmap CoffeeWorks focuses on producing fresh, distinctive and sustainable coffees. Visit www.roadmapcoffeeworks.com or call 800-322-6505 for more information.
Produced by Wilson Roldan entirely of the Chiroso variety of Arabica and processed by the natural method (beans are dried in the whole fruit). Paradise Roasters specializes in micro-lot Arabica and Robusta coffees from Asia and other emerging origins. The company prides itself on quality and freshness, craft-roasting coffees in small batches only after orders are placed. Visit www.paradiseroasters.com or call 763-433-0626 for more information.
A blend of washed and natural-processed Ethiopia coffees imported by Catalyst Trade and a honey-processed Dominican Republic imported by Cafe Kreyol. Established in 2010, Red Rooster is an organic-certified micro roaster focusing on socially conscious, high-quality coffee. Visit redroostercoffee.com or call 540-745-7338 for more information.
This exceptional coffee was selected as the No. 15 coffee on Coffee Review’s list of the Top 30 Coffees of 2021. Produced at Flor de Mariposa Farm entirely of the Geisha variety of Arabica and processed by the washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before drying). Kakalove Café is a nano-roaster located in the small city of Chia-Yi in Taiwan that strives to procure and roast the finest quality coffee. Visit www.kakalovecafe.com.tw or email [email protected] for more information.
Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one are largely produced from distinctive indigenous Ethiopian varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. This is a wet-processed or “washed” version, meaning the fruit skin and pulp were removed from the beans immediately after harvesting and before drying. Peach Coffee Roasters is an Atlanta, Georgia-based specialty roaster. Visit www.peachcoffeeroasters.com for more information.
Produced by Rodrigo Sanchez of Monteblanco Farm entirely of the Geisha variety of Arabica and processed by a proprietary cold-fermentation process. Merge is a specialty coffee roaster in Harrisonburg, Virginia dedicated to ethical sourcing of high-quality coffees. Visit www.mergecoffeeco.com for more information.
Processed by the red honey method, meaning that some fruit flesh or “honey” was allowed to adhere to the beans during drying. Kakalove Café is a nano-roaster located in the small city of Chia-Yi in Taiwan that strives to procure and roast the finest quality coffee. Visit www.kakalovecafe.com.tw or email [email protected] for more information.
Produced by Belquis Ramirez Lemus in partnership with Coffee for Peace, an alliance of coffee farmers working to develop, facilitate and promote the trade of traceable coffees from historically violence-prone zones in Colombia. Processed by the washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). True Coffee is a specialty roaster and cafe in Wisconsin whose motto is, “On a never-ending quest to bring you a great cup of coffee, by staying true to the bean.” Visit www.truecoffeeroasters.com for more information.
A blend of coffees from multiple farms in Colombia produced by Coffee for Peace, an alliance of coffee farmers working to develop, facilitate and promote the trade of traceable coffees from historically violence-prone zones in Colombia. Processed by the washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). True Coffee is a specialty roaster and cafe in Wisconsin whose motto is, “On a never-ending quest to bring you a great cup of coffee, by staying true to the bean.” Visit www.truecoffeeroasters.com for more information.
Most coffees from the Yirgacheffe region are produced from distinctive, largely indigenous Ethiopian varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. Processed by the natural method (dried in the whole fruit). Temple Coffee is a quality-focused retail and wholesale specialty roaster active in Sacramento, California since 2005. Committed to sourcing, roasting and brewing the finest coffees, Temple features coffee from distinguished single estates and cooperatives around the world. Visit www.templecoffee.com or call 916-454-1282 for more information.
Most coffees from the Yirgacheffe region are produced from distinctive, largely indigenous Ethiopian varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. Processed by the natural method (dried in the whole fruit). Founded in 1994, Coffee By Design is a specialty coffee roaster in Portland, Maine that also operates three coffee shops in town. Visit www.coffeebydesign.com.
Produced by smallholding farmers in the Kerinci Valley surrounding Seblat National Park and processed by the honey method (skins are removed but at least some of the sticky fruit flesh is allowed to dry on the beans). RamsHead Coffee Roasters is a family-owned company founded by Bozeman, Montana natives Caleb and Laura Walker, specializing in direct trade microlot coffees. For more information, visit www.ramsheadcoffee.com.
Produced by smallholding members of the Sholi Cooperative, entirely of the Bourbon variety of Arabica, and processed by the washed method. Imported by Atlas Coffee Importers. Indaba Coffee is a small family-owned business in the heart of Spokane, Washington whose mission is “radical hospitality.” For every bag of coffee sold, Indaba donates a meal to someone in need through the 2nd Harvest Food Bank. Visit www.indabacoffee.com for more information.
Produced by Rodin Ivan Villatoro of Finca Esperanza of the Bourbon and Caturra varieties of Arabica and processed by the natural anaerobic method (whole fruit is fermented with limited oxygen before drying). Imported by Onyx Coffee. Indaba Coffee is a small family-owned business in the heart of Spokane, Washington whose mission is “radical hospitality.” For every bag of coffee sold, Indaba donates a meal to someone in need through the 2nd Harvest Food Bank. Visit www.indabacoffee.com for more information.
Produced by smallholding farmers from the Bourbon, Caturra, Villa Sarchi, Typica, and Catuai varieties of Arabica and processed by the washed method. Imported by Atlas Coffee Importers. Indaba Coffee is a small family-owned business in the heart of Spokane, Washington whose mission is “radical hospitality.” For every bag of coffee sold, Indaba donates a meal to someone in need through the 2nd Harvest Food Bank. Visit www.indabacoffee.com for more information.
Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one are produced from traditional indigenous Ethiopian landrace varieties of Arabica. This lot was processed by the wet or washed method (fruit skin and pulp are removed before drying). Southern Ethiopia coffees processed with this method typically express great aromatic complexity and intensity, with a particular emphasis on floral notes. Imported by Atlas Coffee Importers. Indaba Coffee is a small family-owned business in the heart of Spokane, Washington whose mission is “radical hospitality.” For every bag of coffee sold, Indaba donates a meal to someone in need through the 2nd Harvest Food Bank. Visit www.indabacoffee.com for more information.
Produced by smallholding members of the Kopepi Ketiara Cooperative from trees of the Bourbon, Typica, Caturra and Catimor varieties of Arabica, and processed by the traditional Sumatra washed and wet-hulled method. Imported by Atlas Coffee Importers. Indaba Coffee is a small family-owned business in the heart of Spokane, Washington whose mission is “radical hospitality.” For every bag of coffee sold, Indaba donates a meal to someone in need through the 2nd Harvest Food Bank. Visit www.indabacoffee.com for more information.
Produced by members of the Zege Co-op Amhara Union and processed by the natural method (beans are dried in the whole fruit). Imported by Atlas Coffee Importers. Indaba Coffee is a small family-owned business in the heart of Spokane, Washington whose mission is “radical hospitality.” For every bag of coffee sold, Indaba donates a meal to someone in need through the 2nd Harvest Food Bank. Visit www.indabacoffee.com for more information.
This exceptional coffee was selected as the No. 5 coffee on Coffee Review’s list of the Top 30 Coffees of 2021. The coffee earned the highest rating in a cupping of coffees from roasters in North American beach and coastal communities for Coffee Review’s April 2021 report. Mocca (also spelled Moka and Mokka) is a rare variety of Arabica that apparently originated in the Reunion Islands as a mutant of the great Bourbon variety. This Mocca was processed by the natural method (dried in the whole fruit). This unusual coffee with its tiny beans and striking cup is available only on the Hula Daddy website through their allocation list. Hula Daddy is a boutique coffee producer with farms at the 1,400- and 2,500-foot levels of the Mount Hualalai volcano near the northern end of the Kona growing district, five minutes above the town of Kailua-Kona. This coffee was produced at the higher elevation Hula Daddy farm. Visit www.huladaddy.com or call 888-553-2339 for more information.
This coffee earned the second-highest rating in a cupping of coffees from roasters in North American beach and coastal communities for Coffee Review’s April 2021 report. Produced by the Lamastus family of Elida Estate entirely of the Geisha variety of Arabica and processed by the anaerobic natural method (whole fruit is fermented with limited oxygen). Willoughby’s Coffee & Tea is a pioneer specialty coffee roaster established in the early 1980s that has gracefully and successfully moved with the  times and now offers a menu of extremely refined small-lot, single-origin coffees. Visit www.willoughbyscoffee.com or call 800-388-8400 for more information.
This coffee tied for the third-highest rating in a cupping of coffees from roasters in North American beach and coastal communities for Coffee Review’s April 2021 report. Produced at Kona Hills Farm entirely of the Typica variety of Arabica and processed by the washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). Consists entirely of peaberries, a kind of bean that results when the coffee fruit develops only a single, oval bean rather than the usual pair of flat-sided beans.  Peaberries produce a somewhat different (often better) cup than normal beans from the same crop, from which they may or may not be separated during grading. Big Island Coffee is an award-winning coffee roaster operated with hands-on passion by Kelleigh Stewart and Brandon von Damitz. Visit www.bigislandcoffeeroasters.com for more information.
This coffee tied for the third-highest rating in a cupping of coffees from roasters in North American beach and coastal communities for Coffee Review’s April 2021 report. Produced by Graciano Cruz, Sr. of Finca Los Lajones entirely of the Catuaí variety of Arabica and processed by the natural method (beans are dried in the whole fruit). Bird Rock Coffee Roasters is a retailer and wholesaler focused on organic and socially responsible coffees; it was awarded the “2012 Micro-Roaster of the Year” title by Roast Magazine. Visit www.birdrockcoffee.com or call 858-551-1707 for more information.
This coffee tied for the third-highest rating in a cupping of coffees from roasters in North American beach and coastal communities for Coffee Review’s April 2021 report. Certified USDA organic. Produced at Hala Tree farm entirely of the SL28 variety of Arabica and processed by the washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). Hala Tree Coffee is a family-owned coffee farm in the heart of the Kona coffee belt, overlooking historic Kealakekua Bay. The 100% Kona Coffee produced on this USDA organic-certified property is processed and roasted on site to ensure quality. For more information, visit www.halatreecoffee.com.
This coffee tied for the third-highest rating in a cupping of coffees from roasters in North American beach and coastal communities for Coffee Review’s April 2021 report. Bourbon Pointu, botanical name var. Laurina, is a natural mutation of the famous Bourbon variety, first selected on Reunion Island in the Indian Ocean. The Bourbon Pointu is famous for its natural low levels of caffeine, bean shape (small and tending to be pointed at the ends, hence “pointu”), and pungently fruit-toned, Bourbon-like cup. This version was grown in Kona and processed by the natural method (beans are dried in the whole fruit). Kraig and Leslie Lee have been growing and harvesting traditional Kona Coffee for over 25 years. In 2017 they introduced several distinguished new tree varieties to their 4.7 acre farm. Visit konafarmdirect.com for more information.
Certified Fair Trade and USDA Organic. Produced by smallholding members of the COMSA Cooperative and processed by the honey method (skin is removed but at least some of the sticky fruit residue is allowed to dry on the bean). The company name Amavida combines the Spanish words for love and life, reflecting Amavida’s multifaceted commitment to fairness and fine coffee. For more information, visit www.amavida.com or call 850-213-1965.
Produced by David Lopez of Finca Los Amigos entirely of the Catuaí variety of Arabica and processed by the natural method (beans are dried in the whole fruit). Modern Times is a well-loved, exuberantly inventive Point Loma, San Diego brewery that has long specialized in coffee-beer crossovers and overlaps. Visit www.moderntimescoffee.com for more information.
Produced at Miranda’s Farms entirely of the Yellow Caturra variety of Arabica and processed by Miguel Meza by a variation on the natural, dried-in-the-fruit method involving the addition of cultured yeasts during a fermentation step. Founded by roaster Heather Brisson-Lutz in 2018, Origin Coffee Roasters highlights the origin of each carefully selected coffee with a roast profile that highlights the specific characteristics of the green. Visit www.origincoffeemaui.com for more information. 
Produced in the Bugisu Region of Uganda near Mt. Elgon and processed by the washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). Based in the Florida Keys, Islamorada Coffee Roasters is a specialty roaster that particularly focuses on certified organic and fair trade coffees. Visit http://islamoradacoffeeroasters.com for more information.
Produced by smallholding farmers in the Nakuru region of Kenya and processed at the Gachombe washing station or mill. Kakalove Café is a nano-roaster located in the small city of Chia-Yi in Taiwan that strives to procure and roast the finest quality coffee. Visit www.kakalovecafe.com.tw or email [email protected] for more information.
Produced from trees of largely indigenous landrace varieties of Arabica long grown in southern Ethiopia. This is a “natural” or dry-processed version, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit rather than after the fruit has been removed, as is the case with wet-processed or “washed” coffees. Kakalove Café is a nano-roaster located in the small city of Chia-Yi in Taiwan that strives to procure and roast the finest quality coffee. Visit www.kakalovecafe.com.tw or email [email protected] for more information.
Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one are largely produced from distinctive indigenous Ethiopia landrace varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. Processed by the natural anaerobic method (whole fruit is fermented with limited oxygen before drying). Coffee Please is an artisanal roastery and cafe in Taipei’s Beitou District, famous for proximity to the Yangming Mountain hot springs. Visit www.facebook.com/CoffeepleaseTW for more information.
Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one are largely produced from distinctive traditional Ethiopian landrace varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. This is a dry-processed or “natural” version, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit rather than after the fruit has been removed, as is the case with wet-processed or “washed” coffees. Kakalove Café is a nano-roaster located in the small city of Chia-Yi in Taiwan that strives to procure and roast the finest quality coffee. Visit www.kakalovecafe.com.tw or email [email protected] for more information.
Processed by the yellow honey method. With all honey processing methods, some sweet pulp or fruit flesh (“honey”) is allowed to adhere to the beans during drying. In the yellow honey variation, a thin layer of pulp is allowed to dry on the beans, more than with white honey, but less than is the case with red or black honey. Kakalove Café is a nano-roaster located in the small city of Chia-Yi in Taiwan that strives to procure and roast the finest quality coffee. Visit www.kakalovecafe.com.tw or email [email protected] for more information.
Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one are largely produced from distinctive indigenous Ethiopia landrace varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. Processed by the honey method. Coffee Please is an artisanal roastery and cafe in Taipei’s Beitou District, famous for proximity to the Yangming Mountain hot springs. Visit www.facebook.com/CoffeepleaseTW for more information.
Gichathaini is one of three washing stations of the Gikanda Farmers’ Cooperative Society, which is owned by the 897 smallholding members. Kakalove Café is a nano-roaster located in the small city of Chia-Yi in Taiwan that strives to procure and roast the finest quality coffee. Visit www.kakalovecafe.com.tw or email [email protected] for more information.
Produced by Wilfredo Trujillo Mota of Finca Los Alpes entirely of the Pink Bourbon variety of Arabica and processed by the honey method. Bird Rock Coffee Roasters is a retailer and wholesaler focused on organic and socially responsible coffees; it was awarded the “2012 Micro-Roaster of the Year” title by Roast Magazine. Visit www.birdrockcoffee.com or call 858-551-1707 for more information.
Produced by smallholding farmers in Kenya’s Nyeri growing region from trees of the SL28, SL34, Batian and Ruiru varieties of Arabica and processed by the washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). JBC Coffee Roasters’ vision is simple: “let the coffee lead the way” through sourcing and roasting the best and most unique coffees available and rewarding the farmers who grow those coffees with substantial premiums. Visit www.jbccoffeeroasters.com or call 608-256-5282 for more information.
Produced at Cafe Granja La Esperanza’s Cerro Azul Farm entirely of the Geisha variety of Arabica, and processed by fermenting in the whole fruit, then de-pulping, fermenting again, and washing. JBC Coffee Roasters’ vision is simple: “let the coffee lead the way” through sourcing and roasting the best and most unique coffees available and rewarding the farmers who grow those coffees with substantial premiums. Visit www.jbccoffeeroasters.com or call 608-256-5282 for more information.
Produced by Kona Farm Direct entirely from trees of the famous Kenya SL34 variety of Arabica and processed by the washed method with the addition of wine yeasts. Kraig and Leslie Lee have been growing and harvesting traditional Kona Coffee for over 25 years. In 2017 they introduced several distinguished new tree varieties to their 4.7-acre farm. Visit konafarmdirect.com for more information.
Produced by smallholding farmers in the Haraaz region of Yemen from trees of local heirloom varieties of Arabica, and processed by the natural method (beans are dried in the whole fruit). JBC Coffee Roasters’ vision is simple: “let the coffee lead the way” through sourcing and roasting the best and most unique coffees available and rewarding the farmers who grow those coffees with substantial premiums. Visit www.jbccoffeeroasters.com or call 608-256-5282 for more information.
A select microlot, produced by smallholding members of the Suyusama social cooperative, from trees of the Colombia, Caturra and Castillo varieties of Arabica and processed by the washed, method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). Bird Rock Coffee Roasters is a retailer and wholesaler focused on organic and socially responsible coffees; it was awarded the “2012 Micro-Roaster of the Year” title by Roast Magazine. Visit www.birdrockcoffee.com or call 858-551-1707 for more information.
Produced in the Antioquia growing region of Colombia from the Caturra and Castillo varieties of Arabica and processed by the washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). San Francisco Bay Coffee is one of five coffee brands produced by the family-owned Rogers Family Company. Visit www.sfbaycoffee.com or call 800-829-1300 for more information.
Produced by Arfair and Miriam Salazar from trees of the Colombia, Castillo and Caturra varieties of Arabica, and processed by the washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). JBC Coffee Roasters’ vision is simple: “let the coffee lead the way” through sourcing and roasting the best and most unique coffees available and rewarding the farmers who grow those coffees with substantial premiums. Visit www.jbccoffeeroasters.com or call 608-256-5282 for more information.
Produced entirely of local variants of the Bourbon variety of Arabica, and processed by the washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). San Francisco Bay Coffee is one of five coffee brands produced by the family-owned Rogers Family Company. Visit www.sfbaycoffee.com or call 800-829-1300 for more information.
Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one processed by the wet or washed method (fruit skin and pulp are removed before the beans are dried) typically express great aromatic complexity and intensity with a particular emphasis on floral and citrus notes. Cheer Beans is an importer of green coffee and a specialty coffee roaster based in Taichung City, Taiwan. Visit https://redbeans.shoplineapp.com/ for more information.
Produced entirely of the Catuaí variety of Arabica and processed by the natural method (beans are dried in the whole fruit). San Francisco Bay Coffee is one of five coffee brands produced by the family-owned Rogers Family Company. Visit www.sfbaycoffee.com or call 800-829-1300 for more information.
Produced at Hacienda Tobosi and processed by the natural method (beans are dried in the whole fruit). RamsHead Coffee Roasters is a family-owned company founded by Bozeman, Montana natives Caleb and Laura Walker, specializing in direct trade microlot coffees. For more information, visit www.ramsheadcoffee.com.
Despite grower discontent, unclear government coffee policy and urban encroachment on prime coffee lands, the famed Kenya coffee auction system and its participating cooperatives continue to produce some of the world's most elegant and distinctive coffees. Founded in 1994, Coffee By Design is a specialty coffee roaster in Portland, Maine that also operates three coffee shops in town. Visit www.coffeebydesign.com.
Produced entirely of the Caturra variety of Arabica and processed by the washed method. CofFeeling Coffee is based in Kaohsiung City in southern Taiwan. Visit www.coffeelingcafe.com or call +886-7-285-5300 for more information.
Produced by Carito Mejía of Finca Villa Clara from trees of the Caturra and Bourbon varieties of Arabica and processed by the washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). CofFeeling Coffee is based in Kaohsiung City in southern Taiwan. Visit www.coffeelingcafe.com or call +886-7-285-5300 for more information.
A blend of washed-process coffees from Guatemala, Nicaragua, and Ethiopia, a Costa Rica honey-process, a wet-hulled Indonesia, and a Brazil natural, roasted for espresso. Euphora Coffee is a Taipei-based specialty coffee roaster with an active online community through which all sales are made. Visit www.euphoracoffeestudio.com for more information.
Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one are largely produced from distinctive indigenous Ethiopian landrace varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. Processed by the natural method (sun-dried in the whole fruit). Euphora Coffee is a Taipei-based specialty coffee roaster with an active online community through which all sales are made. Visit www.euphoracoffeestudio.com for more information.
Produced from trees of the rare Ethiopia-derived botanical variety Geisha (also spelled Gesha) on the Chiari family’s Finca Lerida Esplenderosa in Jaramillo, Panama under the management of family member Sonia Amoruso. With its elongated beans and distinctive cup, the Geisha variety continues to distinguish itself as one of the world’s most unique coffees.  One of the country’s pioneering socially and environmentally progressive roasters, Thanksgiving aimed to combine coffee quality with social and environmental responsibility many years before the latter preoccupations became fashionable. Visit www.thanksgivingcoffee.com or call 800-648-6491 for more information.
Guji is nestled next to Ethiopia's better-known Yirgacheffe and Sidamo growing regions. Processed by the wet or washed method (fruit skin and pulp are removed before drying). Sunny’s Coffee is a café and roastery in the Tochigi Prefecture specializing in craft-roasted coffees and house-made food. Visit sunnyscoffee.thebase.in for more information. 
Guji is nestled next to Ethiopia's better-known Yirgacheffe and Sidamo growing regions. Processed by the wet or washed method (fruit skin and pulp are removed before drying). Sunny’s Coffee is a café and roastery in the Tochigi Prefecture specializing in craft-roasted coffees and house-made food. Visit sunnyscoffee.thebase.in for more information. 
Guji is nestled next to Ethiopia's better-known Yirgacheffe and Sidamo growing regions. This is a natural-processed coffee (dried in the whole fruit). Sunny’s Coffee is a café and roastery in the Tochigi Prefecture specializing in craft-roasted coffees and house-made food. Visit sunnyscoffee.thebase.in for more information. 
The Yirgacheffe region produces distinctive coffees from traditional landrace varieties of Arabica long grown in the area. This is a “natural” or dry-processed version, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit rather than after the fruit has been removed, as is the case with wet-processed or “washed” coffees. Sunny’s Coffee is a café and roastery in the Tochigi Prefecture specializing in craft-roasted coffees and house-made food. Visit sunnyscoffee.thebase.in for more information. 
Produced on the Amuliba Estate from trees of the Typica and Bourbon varieties of Arabica and processed by the washed method. Tsekaka is both the local language and the name of the tribal group that farms this land. Magnolia Coffee is a Charlotte-based specialty roaster whose motto is “Craft roasted. Truly delicious. Socially conscious.” Magnolia particularly emphasizes community engagement through its Local Beans for Local Good programs. Visit www.magnoliacoffeeco.com for more information.
Produced at Aloha Hills Farm entirely of the Maragogype (also Maragogipe) variety of Arabica and processed by the natural method (beans are dried in the whole fruit). Paradise Roasters specializes in micro-lot Arabica and Robusta coffees from Asia and other emerging origins. The company prides itself on quality and freshness, craft-roasting coffees in small batches only after orders are placed. Visit www.paradiseroasters.com or call 763-433-0626 for more information.
Produced by Kaleb Jordan entirely from trees of the Robusta species and processed by the semi-washed method (skins are removed but at least some of the sticky fruit flesh is allowed to dry on the beans). Paradise Roasters specializes in micro-lot Arabica and Robusta coffees from Asia and other emerging origins. The company prides itself on quality and freshness, craft-roasting coffees in small batches only after orders are placed. Visit www.paradiseroasters.com or call 763-433-0626 for more information.
Produced by Kaleb Jordan entirely from trees of the Robusta species and processed by the honey method (skins are removed but at least some of the sticky fruit flesh is allowed to dry on the beans). Paradise Roasters specializes in micro-lot Arabica and Robusta coffees from Asia and other emerging origins. The company prides itself on quality and freshness, craft-roasting coffees in small batches only after orders are placed. Visit www.paradiseroasters.com or call 763-433-0626 for more information.
Certified USDA organic. Produced by Jorge Eli Dussan of the Colombia and Castillo varieties of Arabica and processed by the washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). The company name Amavida combines the Spanish words for love and life, reflecting Amavida’s multifaceted commitment to fairness and fine coffee. For more information, visit www.amavida.com or call 850-213-1965.
The Yirgacheffe region produces distinctive coffees from traditional landrace varieties of Arabica long grown in the area. This is a “natural” or dry-processed version, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit rather than after the fruit has been removed, as is the case with wet-processed or “washed” coffees. David's Nose Coffee is a specialty coffee roaster based in Taipei, Taiwan whose founder studied agronomy and has a deep interest in crop quality. For more information, visit www.dnose.com.tw.
Produced by Aklilu Taye of Gera Farm and processed by the washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before drying). Jade Cafe is a specialty nano-roaster based in Taipei, Taiwan. Visit https://www.facebook.com/jadecafe19930822/ for more information.
A blend of coffees from Ethiopia, Nicaragua and Guatemala roasted for espresso. David's Nose Coffee is a specialty coffee roaster based in Taipei, Taiwan whose founder studied agronomy and has a deep interest in crop quality. For more information, visit www.dnose.com.tw.
Produced at Finca El Paraiso entirely from trees of the Pink Bourbon variety of Arabica and processed by the traditional washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). Big Shoulders Coffee is a Chicago artisan roaster that emphasizes a fresh-roasted, no-nonsense approach to fine coffee. Visit www.bigshoulderscoffee.com or call 312-846-1439 for more information. 
Produced in Chiapas, Mexico and processed by the washed method. Certified organically grown. Colibrije Specialty Coffee is a Mexico City-based specialty coffee roaster working with locally grown coffees. Visit www.colibrijecoffee.com for more information.
This exceptional coffee was selected as the No. 12 coffee on Coffee Review’s list of the Top 30 Coffees of 2021. Produced at Las Lajas and Hacienda Tobosi farms from trees of the Caturra and Catuaí varieties of Arabica and processed by the honey method, in which some sweet pulp or fruit flesh (“honey”) is allowed to adhere to the beans during drying. Desolate Coffee is a specialty roaster in Nantou, Taiwan. The shop offers coffee, homemade desserts, and other foods. For more information, visit www.desolatecoffee.com.
A blend of coffees from four origins involving three different processing methods (washed, natural, anaerobic). Quartet Kaffe is an artisan roastery in Taiwan founded in 2018, dedicated to pursuing coffee performance art and offering unique specialty coffee. Visit www.facebook.com/QuartetKaffe for more information.
Produced by Niguse Gemeda Mude from trees of indigenous Ethiopia landrace varieties of Arabica and processed by the natural method (beans are dried in the whole fruit). Desolate Coffee is a specialty roaster in Nantou, Taiwan. The shop offers coffee, homemade desserts, and other foods. For more information, visit www.desolatecoffee.com.
Produced by smallholding farmers surrounding the Kigeme Washing Station in Rwanda, where the coffee is processed by the washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). Small Eyes Café is a small, family-owned coffee shop in Yilan, Taiwan, specializing in artisanally roasted specialty coffee and homemade desserts. Visit https://www.facebook.com/Smalleyescafe for more information.
This exceptional coffee was selected as the No. 23 coffee on Coffee Review’s list of the Top 30 Coffees of 2021. Produced by smallholding farmers entirely of the Ethiopia Wush Wush variety of Arabica and processed by the anaerobic natural method (whole fruit is fermented with limited oxygen before drying). Coffee Please is an artisanal roastery and cafe in Taipei’s Beitou District, famous for proximity to the Yangming Mountain hot springs. Visit www.facebook.com/CoffeepleaseTW for more information.
Produced by smallholding farmers entirely of the Ethiopia Wush Wush variety of Arabica. Processed at the Anasora Washing Station owned by Isreal Degefa, by the anaerobic natural method (whole fruit is fermented with limited oxygen before drying). Paradise Roasters specializes in micro-lot Arabica and Robusta coffees from Asia and other emerging origins. The company prides itself on quality and freshness, craft-roasting coffees in small batches only after orders are placed. Visit www.paradiseroasters.com or call 763-433-0626 for more information.
Produced by Rigoberto and Rodrigo Herrera of Finca Potosi entirely of the Colombia variety of Arabica and processed by the “hybrid natural” method, meaning the coffee was both fermented and dried in the whole fruit. Bird Rock Coffee Roasters is a retailer and wholesaler focused on organic and socially responsible coffees; it was awarded the “2012 Micro-Roaster of the Year” title by Roast Magazine. Visit www.birdrockcoffee.com or call 858-551-1707 for more information.
Produced by the Lamastus family of Elida Estate entirely of the Catuaí variety of Arabica and processed by the anaerobic slow-dry (ASD) natural method (whole fruit is fermented with limited oxygen and dried for over 60 days). Willoughby’s Coffee & Tea is a pioneer specialty coffee roaster established in the early 1980s that has gracefully and successfully moved with the  times and now offers a menu of extremely refined small-lot, single-origin coffees. Visit www.willoughbyscoffee.com or call 800-388-8400 for more information.
Produced by smallholding farmers entirely of the Ethiopia Wush Wush variety of Arabica, and processed by the anaerobic natural method (whole fruit is fermented with limited oxygen before drying). De Clieu Coffee is a Taiwan-based roaster whose mission it is to explore extraordinary coffees. For more information, visit www.facebook.com/declieucoffeetaipei.
Produced entirely from trees of the celebrated Geisha variety of Arabica and processed by the double-anaerobic washed method, in which the whole coffee cherries are fermented in a limited-oxygen environment, then de-pulped and fermented again with limited oxygen before final fruit removal and drying. Roaster Yu Chih Hao is co-founder of Fumi Coffee, a roaster in Hsinchu, Taiwan specializing in specialty coffee and homemade desserts. Visit https://m.facebook.com/fumicafe035586631/ for more information.
Produced by the Lamastus family of Elida Estate entirely of the Catuaí variety of Arabica and processed by the anaerobic slow-dry (ASD) natural method (whole fruit is fermented with limited oxygen and dried for over 60 days). Geisha Coffee Roaster is a Florida-based internet retailer offering a wide assortment of coffee from around the world. The company has family ties to coffee farms in Panama, including the farm that produced this coffee. However, the roaster name should not be confused with the Geisha or Gesha coffee variety, the particularly costly, distinguished variety of Arabica also associated with Panama. Visit www.geishacoffee.com or call 407-409-8704 for more information.
Produced by smallholding farmers from largely indigenous Ethiopia landrace varieties of Arabica, and processed by the anaerobic natural method (whole fruit is fermented with limited oxygen before drying). Nine Point Coffee is a Taipei-based specialty roaster and cafe. For more information, visit https://m.facebook.com/NINEPOINTCOFFEE/?locale2=zh_TW.
Produced by Padre José Aguilar Posada of Finca Villa Loyola, entirely of the Caturra variety of Arabica and processed by the carbonic maceration natural method, which involves fermenting whole coffee fruit inside a sealed container that has been flushed with CO2, then drying the coffee still in the whole fruit. Roasted at PT’s Coffee, where the motto is “without the love, it’s just coffee.” Visit www.ptscoffee.com or call 888-678-JAVA for more information.
Produced by Diego Samuel at Indestec El Paraiso farm entirely of the Castillo variety of Arabica and processed by the washed anaerobic method, in which the coffee cherries are de-pulped and then fermented in an oxygen-free environment before fruit removal and drying. Steady State Roasting is an award-winning small-batch roastery dedicated to the craft and care of providing specialty coffee. The company takes pride in sourcing unique, high-quality coffee direct from farmers so that customers can enjoy fine coffee at home or in the Steady State tasting room in downtown Carlsbad, California. Visit www.steadystateroasting.com for more information.
Produced by Israel Degfa from trees of heirloom varieties of Arabica and processed by the natural method (beans are dried in the whole fruit).  CofFeeling Coffee is based in Kaohsiung City in southern Taiwan. Visit www.coffeelingcafe.com or call +886-7-285-5300 for more information.
A blend of washed- and honey-processed coffees from Colombia and a washed Guatemala, roasted for espresso. CofFeeling Coffee is based in Kaohsiung City in southern Taiwan. Visit www.coffeelingcafe.com or call +886-7-285-5300 for more information.
Despite grower discontent, unclear government coffee policy and urban encroachment on prime coffee lands, the famed Kenya coffee auction system and its participating cooperatives continue to produce some of the world's most elegant and distinctive coffees. Kakalove Café is a nano-roaster located in the small city of Chia-Yi in Taiwan that strives to procure and roast the finest quality coffee. Visit www.kakalovecafe.com.tw or email [email protected] for more information.
Produced entirely of the Bourbon variety of Arabica and processed using a proprietary experimental fermentation method. Kakalove Café is a nano-roaster located in the small city of Chia-Yi in Taiwan that strives to procure and roast the finest quality coffee. Visit www.kakalovecafe.com.tw or email [email protected] for more information.
Produced by Mulugeta Tsige from trees of the 74112, 74110 and other traditional Ethiopia varieties of Arabica, and processed by the washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). GK Coffee is a nano-roastery in Yilan, Taiwan that offers both retail and wholesale coffee. For more information, visit www.gkcoffee.com.tw or email [email protected]
Produced by smallholding farmers near the Gathambi washing station from trees of the SL28 and SL34 varieties of Arabica, and processed by the washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). GK Coffee is a nano-roastery in Yilan, Taiwan that offers both retail and wholesale coffee. For more information, visit www.gkcoffee.com.tw or email [email protected]
Coffees like this one from southern Ethiopia are produced from distinctive, largely indigenous Ethiopian landrace varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. Processed by the natural method (dried in the whole fruit). GK Coffee is a nano-roastery in Yilan, Taiwan that offers both retail and wholesale coffee. For more information, visit www.gkcoffee.com.tw or email [email protected]
Guji is a coffee-growing region nestled next to Ethiopia's better-known Yirgacheffe and Sidamo regions. Processed by the wet or washed method (fruit skin and pulp are removed before drying). RamsHead Coffee Roasters is a family-owned company founded by Bozeman, Montana natives Caleb and Laura Walker that specializes in direct trade microlot coffees. For more information, visit www.ramsheadcoffee.com.
Produced from trees of local strains of the heirloom Bourbon variety of Arabica. Epiphanie Mukashyaka established the now-famous Bufcafe washing station or wet mill following the Rwandan genocide. Processed by a Rwandan version of the wet or “washed” method, in which skin and fruit flesh are removed from the beans or seeds before they are dried. Jackrabbit Java selects the finest coffees from around the world and roasts them in Thermopolis, Wyoming’s mountain air. All Jackrabbit Java coffees are specialty-grade and roasted to order. Visit www.jackrabbitjava.com for more information.
Produced by smallholding farmers and processed by the washed method (fruit skin and pulp are removed before drying). AA is the highest grade of Kenya coffee based on bean size and freedom from physical imperfections. RamsHead Coffee Roasters is a family-owned company founded by Bozeman, Montana natives Caleb and Laura Walker that specializes in direct trade microlot coffees. For more information, visit www.ramsheadcoffee.com.
Produced by smallholding farmers in the Guji region of Ethiopia and processed by the traditional washed method. Decaffeinated at the Descamex plant in Mexico by a water-only process that does not involve the use of solvents. Jackrabbit Java selects the finest coffees from around the world and roasts them in Thermopolis, Wyoming’s mountain air. All Jackrabbit Java coffees are specialty-grade and roasted to order. Visit www.jackrabbitjava.com for more information.
A blend of coffees from El Salvador, Colombia and Ethiopia, all processed by the washed method (fruit skin and pulp are removed before drying). RamsHead Coffee Roasters is a family-owned company founded by Bozeman, Montana natives Caleb and Laura Walker that specializes in direct trade microlot coffees. For more information, visit www.ramsheadcoffee.com.
Produced by smallholding farmers from trees of the Batian and Ruiru varieties of Arabica and processed by the washed method. Big Shoulders Coffee is a Chicago artisan roaster that emphasizes a fresh-roasted, no-nonsense approach to fine coffee. Visit www.bigshoulderscoffee.com or call 312-888-3042 for more information.
Produced by Andres Cardona of Villa Lucia Farm from trees of the Castillo and Colombia varieties of Arabica and processed by the natural method. Nostalgia Coffee Roasters was founded by Taylor Fields in 2018 as a mobile café; since it has added specialty roasting and internet retailing of select fine coffees. Visit www.nostalgiacoffeeroasters.com for more information.
Produced by smallholding farmers entirely of the Ethiopia Wush Wush variety of Arabica and processed by the anaerobic natural method (whole fruit is fermented with limited oxygen before drying). Big Shoulders Coffee is a Chicago artisan roaster that emphasizes a fresh-roasted, no-nonsense approach to fine coffee. Visit www.bigshoulderscoffee.com or call 312-846-1439 for more information. 
Produced at Finca Milan entirely of the Castillo variety of Arabica and processed by an experimental method in which passion fruit and pineapple are added to the tank during the fermentation stage of the wet or washed method. Lina Premium Coffee is a Bogota-based specialty coffee roaster that works with and supports Colombian farms and farmers. Visit www.linapremiumcoffee.com for more information.
Certified organic and fair trade. Produced by smallholding farmers of Lima Coffees from trees of the Caturra, Typica, Catimor, Mundo Novo, and Pache varieties of Arabica and processed by the washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). JBC Coffee Roasters’ vision is simple: “let the coffee lead the way” through sourcing and roasting the best and most unique coffees available and rewarding the farmers who grow those coffees with substantial premiums. Visit www.jbccoffeeroasters.com or call 608-256-5282 for more information.
Produced at Finca La Riviera from trees of the Geisha, Red Bourbon and Tekisic Bourbon varieties of Arabica and processed by the traditional washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). Lina Premium Coffee is a Bogota-based specialty coffee roaster that works with and supports Colombian farms and farmers. Visit www.linapremiumcoffee.com for more information.
Produced by Elpidio Arboleda Tabares entirely of the Caturra variety of Arabica and processed by the washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). JBC Coffee Roasters’ vision is simple: “let the coffee lead the way” through sourcing and roasting the best and most unique coffees available and rewarding the farmers who grow those coffees with substantial premiums. Visit www.jbccoffeeroasters.com or call 608-256-5282 for more information.
A blend of coffees from Peru (washed process) and Ethiopia (natural process) roasted for espresso applications. Café Hubert Saint-Jean was founded in 1923 and remains a classic café and roastery in the area. For more information, visit www.cafehubertsaintjean.ca.
Produced by smallholding farmers in the region of Ixhuatlan del Cafe entirely of the ancient Typica variety of Arabica, and processed by the natural method (beans are dried in the whole fruit). Ming’s Coffee Playroom is a small specialty coffee roaster in New Taipei City, Taiwan. For more information, visit https://www.facebook.com/coffeeplayroom.
Produced by the Mierisch family at Finca La Huella entirely of the big-beaned Yellow Pacamara variety of Arabica and processed the natural method (sun-dried in the whole fruit). Paradise Roasters specializes in micro-lot Arabica and Robusta coffees from Asia and other emerging origins. Paradise prides itself on quality and freshness, craft-roasting coffees in small batches only after orders are placed. Visit www.paradiseroasters.com or call 763-433-0626 for more information.
Produced at Sigri Estate from trees of the Typica and Arusha varieties of Arabica and processed by the washed method. Raggiana Coffee works with farms in Papua New Guinea to source high-quality, sustainably grown coffees and roasts them to sell both as subscriptions and standalone purchases. Visit www.raggiana.co for more information.
Southern Ethiopian coffees like this one are largely produced from indigenous landrace varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. This is a natural-processed version (dried in the whole fruit). Pro Aroma Enterprise Coffee Co., Ltd. is a Taiwan-based specialty coffee company. Visit proaromacafe.com.tw/ for more information.
A blend of coffees from Ethiopia, Colombia, Brazil, Tanzania and Indonesia, roasted for espresso applications. Pamma Coffee is a roastery and coffee shop in Kaohsiung, Taiwan that specializes in high-quality food and beverages. Visit https://www.facebook.com/PAMMACoffee/ for more information.
Southern Ethiopian coffees like this one are largely produced from indigenous landrace varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. This is a natural-processed version (dried in the whole fruit). Pro Aroma Enterprise Coffee Co., Ltd. is a Taiwan-based specialty coffee company. Visit proaromacafe.com.tw/ for more information.
This exceptional coffee was selected as the No. 21 coffee on Coffee Review’s list of the Top 30 Coffees of 2021. This coffee tied for the highest rating in a cupping of African Great Lakes coffees for Coffee Review’s June 2021 report. Certified fair trade and USDA Organic. Named for the birthplace of jazz, Congo Square, in New Orleans. Produced by smallholding farmers entirely of local strains of the Bourbon variety of Arabica and processed by the washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). Imported by Mighty Peace, a social enterprise organization that supports the Congolese coffee-farming community. Founded in 2019, Three Keys is a craft coffee roastery in Houston, Texas. The company name is inspired by the valves of the trumpet, which has been the instrument of choice for some of the most influential jazz musicians and composers. Three Keys says its coffees “speak a language that’s sophisticated yet accessible to everyone who’s willing to slow down and share a cup.” Visit www.threekeyscoffee.com for more information.
This coffee tied for the highest rating in a cupping of African Great Lakes coffees for Coffee Review’s June 2021 report. Certified fair trade, USDA Organic, and RainForest Alliance Certified. Produced by smallholding members of the COOPAC cooperative entirely of local strains of the Bourbon variety of Arabica and processed by the washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). Big Creek Coffee Roasters is a small, quality-oriented batch roaster located in Montana’s Bitterroot Valley. Visit www.bigcreekcoffeeroasters.com or call 406-375-7508 for more information.
This coffee tied for the highest rating in a cupping of African Great Lakes coffees for Coffee Review’s June 2021 report. Produced by multiple family farms of the Sambewe AMCOS Cooperative from trees of the N39 and KP423 varieties of Arabica, and processed by the washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). Founded in 1990, Roadmap CoffeeWorks, formerly Lexington Coffee Roasters, is an award-winning artisan roasting company based in Lexington, Virginia. Roadmap CoffeeWorks focuses on producing fresh, distinctive and sustainable coffees. Visit www.roadmapcoffeeworks.com or call 800-322-6505 for more information.
This coffee tied for the highest rating in a cupping of African Great Lakes coffees for Coffee Review’s June 2021 report. Produced by Kinini Coffee, a collaboration of cooperatives that are comprised of 85% women farmers. Composed entirely of local strains of the Bourbon variety of Arabica and processed by the natural method (beans are dried in the whole fruit). Roasted at PT’s Coffee, where the motto is “without the love, it’s just coffee.” Visit www.ptscoffee.com or call 888-678-JAVA for more information.
This coffee tied for the highest rating in a cupping of African Great Lakes coffees for Coffee Review’s June 2021 report. Utz-certified. This sample consists entirely of peaberries, a kind of bean that results when the coffee fruit develops a single, oval bean rather than the usual pair of flat-sided beans. Peaberries produce a somewhat different cup than normal beans from the same crop, from which they may or may not be separated during grading. Volcanica Coffee is a family-owned business in Suwanee, Georgia whose roots go back two generations to coffee farming in Costa Rica. For more information, visit www.volcanicacoffee.com.
This coffee tied for the second-highest rating in a cupping of African Great Lakes coffees for Coffee Review’s June 2021 report. Certified fair trade. Produced by smallholding members of the Dukunde Kawa Collective (a majority of whose members are women), entirely of local strains of the Bourbon variety of Arabica, and processed by the natural (dried in the whole fruit) method. Black Oak is an artisan coffee roaster in the northern California town of Ukiah whose mission is to bring each carefully selected coffee’s unique character to life. Visit www.blackoakcoffee.com for more information.
This coffee tied for the second-highest rating in a cupping of African Great Lakes coffees for Coffee Review’s June 2021 report. Produced by Ben and Christy Carlson of Long Miles Coffee Project in Burundi and processed by the honey method, in which some fruit flesh is allowed to adhere to the beans during drying. Olympia Coffee Roasting is a small-batch wholesale and retail roasting company with a youthful, no-nonsense style and a commitment to high-quality organic coffees. Visit www.olympiacoffee.com or call 360-753-0066 for more information.
This coffee tied for the second-highest rating in a cupping of African Great Lakes coffees for Coffee Review’s June 2021 report. Produced by smallholding farmers near Abdoul Rudahunga’s Simba Washing Station entirely from local strains of the Bourbon variety of Arabica and processed by the honey method, in which some fruit flesh is allowed to adhere to the beans during drying. Mamechamame Coffee is a specialty roaster and coffee shop in Tochigi, Japan. Visit https://mamechamame.square.site/#rWARwD for more information.
This coffee tied for the second-highest rating in a cupping of African Great Lakes coffees for Coffee Review’s June 2021 report. Produced by the Akagera Coffee Project entirely of local strains of the Bourbon variety of Arabica, and processed by the washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). Kakalove Café is a nano-roaster located in the small city of Chia-Yi in Taiwan that strives to procure and roast the finest quality coffee. Visit www.kakalovecafe.com.tw or email [email protected] for more information. 
This coffee earned a third-highest rating in a cupping of African Great Lakes coffees for Coffee Review’s June 2021 report. Produced by smallholding women farmers of JNP Coffee near the Kinyovu Washing Station entirely from local strains of the Bourbon variety of Arabica, and processed by the washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). Valverde Coffee Roasters is a specialty roaster with locations in Salisbury, Massachusetts and La Paz, Bolivia. Visit www.cafevalverde.com for more information.
Produced by the Meyer Family of Nglia Estate entirely of the SL28 variety of Arabica and processed by the washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). Paradise Roasters specializes in micro-lot Arabica and Robusta coffees from Asia and other emerging origins. Paradise prides itself on quality and freshness, craft-roasting coffees in small batches only after orders are placed. Visit www.paradiseroasters.com or call 763-433-0626 for more information.
Sidama (also Sidamo) is an admired growing region in southern Ethiopia. Sidama coffees are largely produced from distinctive landrace varieties of Arabica long grown there. Processed by the washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). Kakalove Café is a nano-roaster located in the small city of Chia-Yi in Taiwan that strives to procure and roast the finest quality coffee. Visit www.kakalovecafe.com.tw or email [email protected] for more information.
Produced by smallholding farmers near the Hana Asrat washing station from trees of the 74110, 74112 and local landrace varieties of Arabica and processed by the washed method. Imported by Catalyst Coffee. Established in 2010, Red Rooster is an organic-certified micro-roaster focusing on socially conscious, high-quality coffee. Visit redroostercoffee.com or call 540-745-7338 for more information.
Produced in the Alishan growing region of Taiwan and processed by the natural method, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit rather than after the fruit has been removed, as is the case with washed coffees. Kakalove Café is a nano-roaster located in the small city of Chia-Yi in Taiwan that strives to procure and roast the finest quality coffee. Visit www.kakalovecafe.com.tw or email [email protected] for more information.
Guji is a coffee-growing region nestled next to Ethiopia's better-known Yirgacheffe and Sidamo regions. Guji coffees are largely produced from distinctive landrace varieties of Arabica long grown there. Processed by the natural method (beans are dried in the whole fruit). Kakalove Café is a nano-roaster located in the small city of Chia-Yi in Taiwan that strives to procure and roast the finest quality coffee. Visit www.kakalovecafe.com.tw or email [email protected] for more information.
Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one are largely produced from distinctive indigenous Ethiopian varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. Processed by the natural method (dried in the whole fruit). JBC Coffee Roasters’ vision is simple: “let the coffee lead the way” through sourcing and roasting the best and most unique coffees available and rewarding the farmers who grow those coffees with substantial premiums. Visit www.jbccoffeeroasters.com or call 608-256-5282 for more information. 
Produced by Eduardo Navarro Jiminez and Juan Carlos Navarro Ceciliano, entirely of the Caturra variety of Arabica, and processed by the natural method (dried in the whole fruit). JBC Coffee Roasters’ vision is simple: “let the coffee lead the way” through sourcing and roasting the best and most unique coffees available and rewarding the farmers who grow those coffees with substantial premiums. Visit www.jbccoffeeroasters.com or call 608-256-5282 for more information.
Produced at Finca Santa Teresa, entirely of the Gesha (also Geisha) variety of Arabica, and processed by the honey method, in which some sweet pulp or fruit flesh (“honey”) is allowed to adhere to the beans during drying. Big Shoulders Coffee is a Chicago artisan roaster that emphasizes a fresh-roasted, no-nonsense approach to fine coffee. Visit www.bigshoulderscoffee.com or call 312-846-1439 for more information. 
Produced by Rigoberto and Rodrigo Herrera at Finca Potosí of Café Granja Esperanza and processed by the natural method (beans are dried in the whole fruit). Nostalgia Coffee Roasters was founded by Taylor Fields in 2018 as a mobile café; it has since added specialty roasting and online sales of select fine coffees. Visit www.nostalgiacoffeeroasters.com for more information.
Produced at Vergel Estate entirely of the Java variety of Arabica, and processed by the anaerobic natural method (whole fruit is fermented with limited oxygen before drying).  Big Shoulders Coffee is a Chicago artisan roaster that emphasizes a fresh-roasted, no-nonsense approach to fine coffee. Visit www.bigshoulderscoffee.com or call 312-846-1439 for more information. 
Produced at La Palma Y El Tucan and processed by the anaerobic natural method (whole fruit is fermented with limited oxygen before drying). Le Brewlife is a specialty coffee roaster based in Taichung, Taiwan. Visit www.lebrewlife.co for more information.
A two-farm collaboration. Produced from trees of the admired Pink Bourbon variety of Arabica on the farms of Edier Perdomo Claros and Pedro Claros Zapata and processed by the washed method. Big Shoulders Coffee is a Chicago artisan roaster that emphasizes a fresh-roasted, no-nonsense approach to fine coffee. Visit www.bigshoulderscoffee.com or call 312-846-1439 for more information. 
Produced by smallholding farmers entirely of the Ethiopia Wush Wush variety of Arabica and processed by the natural method (beans are dried in the whole fruit). Le Brewlife is a specialty coffee roaster based in Taichung, Taiwan. Visit www.lebrewlife.co for more information.
Produced entirely of the traditional Typica variety of Arabica and processed by the washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). Le Brewlife is a specialty coffee roaster based in Taichung, Taiwan. Visit www.lebrewlife.co for more information.
This exceptional coffee was selected as the No. 24 coffee on Coffee Review’s list of the Top 30 Coffees of 2021.This 100% Kona coffee was produced from trees of the giant-beaned Maragogype variety of Arabica and processed by the natural method (beans are dried in the whole fruit). This sample consists entirely of peaberries, a kind of bean that results when the coffee fruit develops only a single, oval bean rather than the usual pair of flat-sided beans. Visit www.rustyshawaiian.com or call 808-928-8916 for more information.
Produced by Galo Morales of Finca Cruz Loma, of the Sidra and Typica Mejorada varieties of Arabica, and processed by the anaerobic washed method. Peach Coffee Roasters is an Atlanta, Georgia-based specialty roaster. Visit www.peachcoffeeroasters.com for more information.
Produced by Andres Guaca of Finca La Bandida entirely of the rare Pink Bourbon variety of Arabica, and processed by fermenting whole cherries for 65 hours with the addition of lactobacilli, then drying them in the sun. Peach Coffee Roasters is an Atlanta, Georgia-based specialty roaster. Visit www.peachcoffeeroasters.com for more information.
Produced at Nyeri Hill Estate from trees of the SL28, SL34 and Ruiru 11 varieties of Arabica and processed by the washed method. JBC Coffee Roasters’ vision is simple: “let the coffee lead the way” through sourcing and roasting the best and most unique coffees available and rewarding the farmers who grow those coffees with substantial premiums. Visit www.jbccoffeeroasters.com or call 608-256-5282 for more information.
This exceptional coffee was selected as the No. 14 coffee on Coffee Review’s list of the Top 30 Coffees of 2021. Produced by the Lomas Obando family of Finca La Perla Chiquita, entirely of the Typica Mejorado variety of Arabica and processed by the washed method. JBC Coffee Roasters’ vision is simple: “let the coffee lead the way” through sourcing and roasting the best and most unique coffees available and rewarding the farmers who grow those coffees with substantial premiums. Visit www.jbccoffeeroasters.com or call 608-256-5282 for more information.
Produced by smallholding farmers from trees of the Gayo 1, Gayo 2, Catimor and  Abyssinia varieties of Arabica and processed by the conventional washed method, rather than the wet-hulled variation more typical of Sumatra. JBC Coffee Roasters’ vision is simple: “let the coffee lead the way” through sourcing and roasting the best and most unique coffees available and rewarding the farmers who grow those coffees with substantial premiums. Visit www.jbccoffeeroasters.com or call 608-256-5282 for more information.
Produced by Jhoan Manuel Vergara Ayure of Finca Las Flores, entirely of the Pink Bourbon variety of Arabica, and processed by the washed method. JBC Coffee Roasters’ vision is simple: “let the coffee lead the way” through sourcing and roasting the best and most unique coffees available and rewarding the farmers who grow those coffees with substantial premiums. Visit www.jbccoffeeroasters.com or call 608-256-5282 for more information.
An espresso blend comprised of washed-process coffees from El Salvador, Ethiopia and Colombia. RamsHead Coffee Roasters is a family-owned company founded by Bozeman, Montana natives Caleb and Laura Walker that specializes in direct trade microlot coffees. For more information, visit www.ramsheadcoffee.com.
A blend comprised of two coffees of the Pacamara variety, one from the Menendez Family Farm in El Salvador and the other from Finca Isnul in Guatemala, both processed by the washed method. RamsHead Coffee Roasters is a family-owned company founded by Bozeman, Montana natives Caleb and Laura Walker that specializes in direct trade microlot coffees. For more information, visit www.ramsheadcoffee.com.
Sourced from producer groups across Yemen’s Sana’a growing region by Fatuom Muslot. Produced from trees of the Yemen landrace varieties Dawaeri and Tuffahi and processed by the natural method (sun-dried in the whole fruit). Dragonfly Coffee, named 2019 Micro-Roaster of the Year by Roast magazine, is now based in Henderson, Nevada. Visit dragonflycoffeeroasters.com or call 303-579-2154 for more information.
Produced at Hacienda Tobosi entirely of the Villalobos variety of Arabica, and processed by the natural anaerobic method (whole fruit is fermented with limited oxygen before drying). GK Coffee is a nano-roastery in Yilan, Taiwan that offers both retail and wholesale coffee. For more information, visit www.gkcoffee.com.tw or email [email protected]
Produced by Oscar Daza of Hacienda La Pradera entirely of the Ethiopian Wush Wush variety of Arabica, and processed by the honey method, in which some fruit flesh is allowed to adhere to the beans during drying. SkyTop Coffee is a USDA certified-organic specialty coffee roaster based in Manlius, New York. For more information, visit skytopcoffee.com.
Produced by Homero Aguiar Paiva at Fazenda Gauriroba entirely of the Yellow Catuai variety of Arabica, and processed by the natural method (sun-dried in the whole fruit). SOT Coffee Roaster, based in Osaka, Japan, is a self-described Swedish-style roaster with an “aggressively light” roasting style. For more information, visit www.sotcoffee.com.
Comprised entirely of the Red Bourbon variety of Arabica and processed by the washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). In addition to his retail roasting operation, Aroma Roast Coffees, Simon Hsieh also operates Soaring Phoenix Trading, a business focused on purpose-built commercial espresso blends and high-quality single-origin coffees. Customers can also visit the new showroom, Chateau Andy, in Taipei City. Visit www.facebook.com/4ArtsZeroDefectCoffees or call 886-0983-749876 for more information.
Sourced from producer groups across Yemen’s Sana’a growing region by Fatuom Muslot. Produced from trees of the Yemen landrace varieties of Audaini, Dawaeri and Tuffahi and processed by the natural method (sun-dried in the whole fruit). Dragonfly Coffee, named 2019 Micro-Roaster of the Year by Roast magazine, is now based in Henderson, Nevada. Visit dragonflycoffeeroasters.com or call 303-579-2154 for more information.
Produced by smallholding farmers of the Caturra, Typica, Catimor, Mundo Novo and Pache varieties of Arabica and processed by the washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). In addition to his retail roasting operation, Aroma Roast Coffees, Simon Hsieh also operates Soaring Phoenix Trading, a business focused on purpose-built commercial espresso blends and high-quality single-origin coffees. Customers can also visit the new showroom, Chateau Andy, in Taipei City. Visit www.facebook.com/4ArtsZeroDefectCoffees or call 886-0983-749876 for more information.
Sourced from producer groups across Yemen’s Sana’a growing region by Fatuom Muslot. Produced from trees of the Yemen landrace varieties Dawaeri and Jadi and processed by the natural method (sun-dried in the whole fruit). Dragonfly Coffee, named 2019 Micro-Roaster of the Year by Roast magazine, is now based in Henderson, Nevada. Visit dragonflycoffeeroasters.com or call 303-579-2154 for more information.
A blend of coffees from Brazil, Colombia and Guatemala. Forest Roasting is a coffee roastery and cafe based in Yuanlin, Taiwan that specializes in quality coffees and food choices. Visit https://www.facebook.com/FOREST.ROASTING/about/?ref=page_internal for more information.
A blend of coffees from Panama, Ethiopia and Costa Rica. Forest Roasting is a coffee roastery and cafe based in Yuanlin, Taiwan that specializes in quality coffees and food choices. Visit https://www.facebook.com/FOREST.ROASTING/about/?ref=page_internal for more information.
A darker-roasted blend of coffees from Colombia, Ecuador, Indonesia and Uganda. Japanese Coffee Co. is a Sapporo-based roastery specializing in the Sumiyaki charcoal-roasting method and operates 10 coffee shops throughout the Hokkaido area. Visit www.japanesecoffeeco.com for more information.
The coffee tied for the highest rating in a tasting of ready-to-drink black coffees for Coffee Review’s July 2021 tasting report. Prepared by the cold-brew method, which involves prolonged steeping of ground coffee in cold water. Contains no additives or ingredients other than coffee and water. The green coffee used is a natural-processed Yellow Caturra from Fazenda Rio Verde in Brazil that is Rainforest-Alliance-certified. GK Coffee is a nano-roastery in Yilan, Taiwan that offers both retail and wholesale coffee. For more information, visit www.gkcoffee.com.tw or email [email protected]
Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one are largely produced from distinctive indigenous Ethiopian varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. Processed by the natural method (dried in the whole fruit). Kakalove Café is a nano-roaster located in the small city of Chia-Yi in Taiwan that strives to procure and roast the finest quality coffee. Visit www.kakalovecafe.com.tw or email [email protected] for more information.
Processed by the yellow honey method. With all honey processing methods, some sweet pulp or fruit flesh (“honey”) is allowed to adhere to the beans during drying. In the yellow honey variation, a thin layer of pulp is allowed to dry on the beans, more than with white honey, but less than is the case with red or black honey. Kakalove Café is a nano-roaster located in the small city of Chia-Yi in Taiwan that strives to procure and roast the finest quality coffee. Visit www.kakalovecafe.com.tw or email [email protected] for more information.
Processed by the black honey method, in which the skins are removed from the fruit but virtually all of the fruit flesh or mucilage is allowed to dry on the beans, often resulting in a deep, pungent profile. Kakalove Café is a nano-roaster located in the small city of Chia-Yi in Taiwan that strives to procure and roast the finest quality coffee. Visit www.kakalovecafe.com.tw or email [email protected] for more information.
Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one are largely produced from distinctive traditional Ethiopian landrace varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. Processed by the yellow honey method. With all honey processing methods, some sweet pulp or fruit flesh (“honey”) is allowed to adhere to the beans during drying. In the yellow honey variation, a thin layer of pulp is allowed to dry on the beans, more than with white honey, but less than is the case with red or black honey. Coffee Please is an artisanal roastery and cafe in Taipei’s Beitou District, famous for proximity to the Yangming Mountain hot springs. Visit www.facebook.com/CoffeepleaseTW for more information.
One of the world’s most celebrated coffees presented in a Nespresso-compatible capsule. Geisha (also Gesha) continues to be one of the world’s most celebrated and sought-after coffee varieties, and the Hacienda La Esmeralda Geishas remain among the most authentic. This version is the Coronado 6AD nano-lot, sold exclusively to Difference Coffee; only 1,050 boxes are available. This is a wet-processed or “washed” version (fruit skin and pulp are removed before drying). Difference Coffee aims to present only the finest of the world’s coffees as determined by green coffee competitions and other measures of distinction, tactfully roasted and presented in capsules compatible with Nespresso capsule brewing systems. For more information visit www.differencecoffee.com.
Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one are largely produced from distinctive indigenous Ethiopian landrace varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. Processed by the natural method (sun-dried in the whole fruit). LECO coffee was founded in 1997, and has always pursued three core concepts: quality, professionalism and sustainability. Visit https://www.facebook.com/Lecocoffee for more information.
Processed by the red honey method, meaning that some fruit flesh or “honey” was allowed to adhere to the beans during drying. Kakalove Café is a nano-roaster located in the small city of Chia-Yi in Taiwan that strives to procure and roast the finest quality coffee. Visit www.kakalovecafe.com.tw or email [email protected] for more information.
Yirgacheffe coffees like this one are largely produced from traditional Ethiopian landrace varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. A wet-processed or “washed” version (fruit skin and pulp are removed before drying). EK Roast Studio is committed to presenting the beautiful flavors of finely prepared foods and carefully sourced coffees and sharing this enthusiasm with every customer. Visit https://www.facebook.com/Ellenskitchen for more information.
Southern Ethiopia produces distinctive coffees from largely indigenous, traditional varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. Coffees like this one processed by the wet or washed method (fruit skin and pulp is removed before drying) typically express great aromatic complexity and intensity with a particular emphasis on citrus and floral notes. Kakalove Café is a nano-roaster located in the small city of Chia-Yi in Taiwan that strives to procure and roast the finest quality coffee. Visit www.kakalovecafe.com.tw or email [email protected] for more information.
Comprised entirely of the Caturra variety of Arabica and processed by the natural method (dried in the whole fruit). LECO coffee was founded in 1997, and has always pursued three core concepts: quality, professionalism and sustainability. Visit https://www.facebook.com/Lecocoffee for more information.
Although Ethiopia is the botanical home of Coffea Arabica, Yemen introduced the beverage to the rest of the world in the 16th and 17th centuries, and most Yemen coffee is still grown from ancient landrace cultivars of arabica on stone-walled terraces ringing fortress-like mountaintop villages. All Yemen coffees are natural-processed, or dried in the whole fruit. EK Roast Studio is committed to presenting the beautiful flavors of finely prepared foods and carefully sourced coffees and sharing this enthusiasm with every customer. Visit https://www.facebook.com/Ellenskitchen for more information.
Processed by the black honey method, in which the skins are removed from the fruit but virtually all of the fruit flesh or mucilage is allowed to dry on the beans, often resulting in a deep, pungent profile. Kakalove Café is a nano-roaster located in the small city of Chia-Yi in Taiwan that strives to procure and roast the finest quality coffee. Visit www.kakalovecafe.com.tw or email [email protected] for more information.
Despite grower discontent, unclear government coffee policy and urban encroachment on prime coffee lands, the famed Kenya coffee auction system and its participating cooperatives continue to produce some of the world's most elegant and distinctive coffees. Coffee Please is an artisanal roastery and cafe in Taipei’s Beitou District, famous for proximity to the Yangming Mountain hot springs. Visit www.facebook.com/CoffeepleaseTW for more information.
Comprised entirely of the celebrated Geisha variety of Arabica and processed by the natural method (dried in the whole fruit). Dragonfly Coffee, named 2019 Micro-Roaster of the Year by Roast magazine, is now based in Henderson, Nevada. Visit dragonflycoffeeroasters.com or call 303-579-2154 for more information.
Produced by Nelson Martinez, the Bayter Brothers, and their mother, Marta Bayter, and processed by the washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). Located in southwestern Colorado, Durango Coffee lays claim to a rich coffee history that dates to 1986. Its motto is “Tough Town, Great Coffee.” Visit www.durangocoffee.com or call 800-748-2275 for more information.
A blend of coffees from three origins: Brazil, Papua New Guinea and Indonesia.  NINETYs Roastery is a Hong Kong-based coffee shop specializing in Australian-style coffee and hospitality. Visit https://www.ninetys.com.hk/ for more information.
This exceptional coffee was selected as the No. 28 coffee on Coffee Review’s list of the Top 30 Coffees of 2021. Produced by smallholding farmers from trees of the Arusha, Mundo Novo and Typica varieties of Arabica and processed by the washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). JBC Coffee Roasters’ vision is simple: “let the coffee lead the way” through sourcing and roasting the best and most unique coffees available and rewarding the farmers who grow those coffees with substantial premiums. Visit www.jbccoffeeroasters.com or call 608-256-5282 for more information.
Guji is a coffee-growing region nestled next to Ethiopia's better-known Yirgacheffe and Sidamo regions. Guji coffees are largely produced from distinctive landrace varieties of Arabica long grown there. Processed by the washed method. Home in Harmony coffees are created by HiH Lifestyle Co., a coffee roaster tailored to retail, wholesale and commercial coffee solutions. Visit www.hih2020.com or email [email protected]
Produced by Mildred Muñoz of Finca Santa Maria from trees of the Caturra, Castillo, Colombia and Typica varieties of Arabica and processed by the natural method (sun-dried in the whole fruit). Rainforest Alliance-certified, USDA Organic, and ​​Bird Friendly-certified by the Smithsonian Migratory Bird Council. SkyTop Coffee is a USDA certified-organic specialty coffee roaster based in Manlius, New York. For more information, visit skytopcoffee.com.
Produced from indigenous landrace tree varieties long grown in the region and processed by the washed method (fruit skin and pulp are removed before drying). Temple Coffee is a quality-focused retail and wholesale specialty roaster active in Sacramento, California since 2005. Committed to sourcing, roasting and brewing the finest coffees, Temple features coffee from distinguished single estates and cooperatives around the world. Visit www.templecoffee.com or call 916-454-1282 for more information.
A blend of coffees from Kenya and Ethiopia, the Kenya wet-processed and the Ethiopia natural-processed, roasted for espresso applications. Desolate Coffee is a specialty roaster in Nantou, Taiwan. The shop offers coffee, homemade desserts, and other foods. For more information, visit www.desolatecoffee.com.
A blend of three coffees — an Ethiopia natural-processed and wet-processed beans from Guatemala and Honduras — roasted for espresso applications. Desolate Coffee is a specialty roaster in Nantou, Taiwan. The shop offers coffee, homemade desserts, and other foods. For more information, visit www.desolatecoffee.com.
This exceptional coffee was selected as the No. 27 coffee on Coffee Review’s list of the Top 30 Coffees of 2021. Produced by smallholding members of COOPACVOD, led by coop member Mariane Merisier, from trees of the Blue Mountain, Typica and Bourbon varieties of Arabica, and processed by the washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). Certified USDA Organic. Cafe Kreyol is a roaster in Manassas, Virginia with the mission of creating sustainable employment by way of specialty coffee. Visit www.cafekreyol.com or call 571-719-7018 for more information. 
Certified USDA Organic. Produced at Ramirez Estate, a farm distinguished by a range of progressive environmental and social practices. Processed by the washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). Cafe Kreyol is a roaster in Manassas, Virginia with the mission of creating sustainable employment by way of specialty coffee. Visit www.cafekreyol.com or call 571-719-7018 for more information. 
A blend of coffees from Brazil, Guatemala and Indonesia, roasted for espresso. Toca Coffee is a family-owned specialty coffee roaster based in New Jersey. Visit https://www.tocacoffee.com/ for more information.
MK Coffee Roasters, a short walk from the Shulin train station in New Taipei City, specializes in high-quality roasted beans to take home and expertly brewed coffees to enjoy in the café. Visit www.facebook.com/MKCoffeeRoasters or e-mail [email protected] for more information.
An espresso blend composed of a washed-process Colombia, a natural Brazil, and a wet-hulled Sumatra. Paradise Roasters specializes in micro-lot Arabica and Robusta coffees from Asia and other emerging origins. Paradise prides itself on quality and freshness, craft-roasting coffees in small batches only after orders are placed. Visit www.paradiseroasters.com or call 763-433-0626 for more information.
A blend of two coffees, a washed Colombia and a natural-processed Brazil, roasted for espresso. Peach Coffee Roasters is an Atlanta, Georgia-based specialty roaster. Visit www.peachcoffeeroasters.com for more information.
A blend of coffees from Guatemala, Brazil, and Indonesia roasted for espresso. Founded by Paul Massard and Chris Nolte, Per’la focuses on meticulous sourcing and roasting fine coffees in small batches. Visit www.drinkperla.com for more information.
A blend of coffees from Guatemala, Ethiopia, and Papua New Guinea. Tribo Coffee is a Taiwan-based coffee roaster specializing in sustainable single-serve coffee formats. (The coffee reviewed here is offered as whole-bean.) Visit www.tribo.coffee for more information.
This exceptional coffee was selected as the No. 7 coffee on Coffee Review’s list of the Top 30 Coffees of 2021. In addition to his retail roasting operation, Aroma Roast Coffees, Simon Hsieh also operates Soaring Phoenix Trading, a business focused on purpose-built commercial espresso blends and high-quality single-origin coffees. Customers can also visit the new showroom, Chateau Andy, in Taipei City. Visit www.facebook.com/4ArtsZeroDefectCoffees or call 886-0983-749876 for more information.
A blend of three coffees — a washed Guatemala, a washed Colombia, and a natural-processed Ethiopia — roasted for espresso. Kakalove Café is a nano-roaster located in the small city of Chia-Yi in Taiwan that strives to procure and roast the finest quality coffee. Visit www.kakalovecafe.com.tw or email [email protected] for more information.
A blend of coffees from Guatemala, Brazil and Colombia, roasted for espresso. Coffee Please is an artisanal roastery and cafe in Taipei’s Beitou District, famous for its proximity to the Yangming Mountain hot springs. Visit www.facebook.com/CoffeepleaseTW for more information.
A blend of a natural-processed Brazil, a washed Colombia, and a natural Ethiopia roasted for espresso. Temple Coffee is a quality-focused retail and wholesale specialty roaster active in Sacramento, California since 2005. Committed to sourcing, roasting and brewing the finest coffees, Temple features coffee from distinguished single estates and cooperatives around the world. Visit www.templecoffee.com or call 916-454-1282 for more information.
Produced from trees of the ancient Sudan Rume variety of Arabica and processed by the washed method with a cold ferment. Lina Premium Coffee is a Bogota-based specialty coffee roaster that works with and supports Colombian farms and farmers. Visit www.linapremiumcoffee.com for more information.
Produced at Acacia Hills Coffee Estate entirely of the Geisha variety of Arabica, and processed by the washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). This particular sample consists entirely of peaberries, a kind of bean that results when the coffee fruit develops only a single, oval bean rather than the usual pair of flat-sided beans. Paradise Roasters specializes in micro-lot Arabica and Robusta coffees from Asia and other emerging origins. Paradise prides itself on quality and freshness, craft-roasting coffees in small batches only after orders are placed. Visit www.paradiseroasters.com or call 763-433-0626 for more information.
Produced from trees of the celebrated Ethiopia-derived botanical variety Geisha (also spelled Gesha) on the Chiari family’s Finca Lerida Esplenderosa in Jaramillo, Panama under the management of family member Sonia Amoruso. With its elongated beans and distinctive cup, the Geisha variety continues to distinguish itself as one of the world’s most unique coffees. Baba Java is a specialty roaster and cafe retailer located in Hoover Alabama that strives to provide the best coffee experience at every step. Visit www.babajavacoffee.com or call 205-777-5984 for more information.
A blend comprised of a natural-processed Brazil and a wet-hulled Sumatra, roasted for espresso. GK Coffee is a nano-roastery in Yilan, Taiwan that offers both retail and wholesale coffee. For more information, visit www.gkcoffee.com.tw or email [email protected]
Produced at Hacienda La Bastilla from trees of the Caturra, Red and Yellow Catuaí, Parainema, Java, SL28, and Geisha varieties of Arabica and processed by the natural method (dried in the whole fruit). RamsHead Coffee Roasters is a family-owned company founded by Bozeman, Montana natives Caleb and Laura Walker that specializes in direct trade microlot coffees. For more information, visit www.ramsheadcoffee.com.
Produced from trees of the rare Ethiopia-derived botanical variety Gesha (also Geisha) by Adam and Rachel Overton. With its generally elongated beans and distinctive floral and crisp, often chocolaty cup, the Gesha variety continues to distinguish itself as one of the world’s most unique coffees. Although the Gesha variety originated in Ethiopia, it was “discovered” by the coffee world in 2004 growing in Boquete, Panama, and Panama continues to dominate the expanding world of Gesha. This particular version, however, is the outcome of efforts to commercialize Gesha in the region from which it originally came. It is processed by the natural method (dried in the whole fruit). Taster’s Coffee is a nano-roaster based in new Taipei City, Taiwan. Visit www.tasterscoffee.com for more information.
Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one are largely produced from distinctive indigenous Ethiopian landrace varieties of Arabica long grown in their respective regions. This is a dry-processed or “natural” version, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit rather than after the fruit has been removed, as is the case with wet-processed or “washed” coffees. Drink Coffee Do Stuff operates a roastery in Truckee, California and a coffee shop in nearby Incline Village, Nevada. Visit www.drinkcoffeedostuff.com for more information.
Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one are largely produced from distinctive indigenous Ethiopian landrace varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. Processed by the natural method (dried in the whole fruit). Euphora Coffee is a Taipei-based specialty coffee roaster with an active online community through which all sales are made. Visit www.euphoracoffeestudio.com for more information.
Produced by smallholding farmers near the Businde Washing Station entirely of the Red Bourbon variety of Arabica and processed by the washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). Small Eyes Café is a small, family-owned coffee shop in Yilan, Taiwan, specializing in artisanally roasted specialty coffee and homemade desserts. Visit https://www.facebook.com/Smalleyescafe for more information.
A blend of two Ethiopia, one El Salvador, and one Costa Rica coffee, roasted for espresso applications. Warm Air Kafe is a Taiwan-based specialty roaster and cafe in Taoyuan City. Visit https://m.facebook.com/warmair2021/ for more information.
Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one are largely produced from distinctive indigenous Ethiopian landrace varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. Processed by the natural method (dried in the whole fruit). Mr. Chao Coffee is a subsidiary of Intekeco Co., Ltd, based in New Taipei City, Taiwan, which provides both green and roasted coffee to wholesale and retail clients. Visit https://chao-coffee.webnode.tw/zh-tw/ for more information.
Comprised entirely of beans from the rare Sudan Rume, a presumably very old variety of Arabica originally selected from wild trees growing on the Boma Plateau of Sudan, close to the border with Ethiopia. Produced by Rigoberto Herrera at Granja La Esperanza in Colombia. Fermented in the whole fruit, then fermented again after the skins are removed. JBC Coffee Roasters’ vision is simple: “let the coffee lead the way” through sourcing and roasting the best and most unique coffees available and rewarding the farmers who grow those coffees with substantial premiums. Visit www.jbccoffeeroasters.com or call 608-256-5282 for more information.
Coffees from the northern part of the Indonesian island of Sumatra are valued for their complex earth and fruit notes that appear to result largely from unorthodox fruit removal and drying practices called “wet-hulling.” This is a particularly refined example of the type, branded Tano Batak by the exporters, Olam specialty Coffee and produced in the admired Lintong region south of Lake Toba. Peach Coffee Roasters is an Atlanta, Georgia-based specialty roaster. Visit www.peachcoffeeroasters.com for more information.
This exceptional coffee was selected as the No. 2 coffee on Coffee Review’s list of the Top 30 Coffees of 2021. Produced by Faysel Yonis entirely of the Kurume variety of Arabica and processed by the anaerobic washed method (fermentation occurs in a hermetically sealed vessel). Barrington Coffee is an artisan roaster dedicated to elite coffees, fresh delivery and roasting that foregrounds the coffee and not the roast. Visit www.barringtoncoffee.com or call 800-528-0998 for more information.
Produced by smallholding farmers around Agroeco Mill entirely of the Java variety of Arabica, and processed by the washed method. JBC Coffee Roasters’ vision is simple: “let the coffee lead the way” through sourcing and roasting the best and most unique coffees available and rewarding the farmers who grow those coffees with substantial premiums. Visit www.jbccoffeeroasters.com or call 608-256-5282 for more information.
Produced by Armiyadi, a small farm in the Aceh region of Sumatra, entirely from trees of the Ateng Super hybrid variety of Arabica and processed by the Indonesia washed and wet-hulled method. JBC Coffee Roasters’ vision is simple: “let the coffee lead the way” through sourcing and roasting the best and most unique coffees available and rewarding the farmers who grow those coffees with substantial premiums. Visit www.jbccoffeeroasters.com or call 608-256-5282 for more information.
Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one are largely produced from distinctive landrace Ethiopian varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. This is a wet-processed or “washed” version, meaning the fruit skin and pulp were removed from the beans immediately after harvesting and before drying. JBC Coffee Roasters’ vision is simple: “let the coffee lead the way” through sourcing and roasting the best and most unique coffees available and rewarding the farmers who grow those coffees with substantial premiums. Visit www.jbccoffeeroasters.com or call 608-256-5282 for more information.
Produced by David Solano of Concepción Buena Vista from trees of the Red Bourbon and Red Caturra varieties of Arabica and processed by the natural method (dried in the whole fruit). Temple Coffee is a quality-focused retail and wholesale specialty roaster active in Sacramento, California since 2005. Committed to sourcing, roasting and brewing the finest coffees, Temple features coffee from distinguished single estates and cooperatives around the world. Visit www.templecoffee.com or call 916-454-1282 for more information.
Produced by the Reko Farming Cooperative from indigenous landrace tree varieties long grown in the region and processed by the washed method (fruit skin and pulp are removed before drying). Temple Coffee is a quality-focused retail and wholesale specialty roaster active in Sacramento, California since 2005. Committed to sourcing, roasting and brewing the finest coffees, Temple features coffee from distinguished single estates and cooperatives around the world. Visit www.templecoffee.com or call 916-454-1282 for more information.
Produced at Finca Medina from trees of the Bourbon and Marsellesa varieties of Arabica, and processed by the natural method (dried in the whole fruit). JBC Coffee Roasters’ vision is simple: “let the coffee lead the way” through sourcing and roasting the best and most unique coffees available and rewarding the farmers who grow those coffees with substantial premiums. Visit www.jbccoffeeroasters.com or call 608-256-5282 for more information.
Produced by members of the Khulani Coffee Society from trees of the Audaini, Dawaery and Tuffahi varieties of Arabica, and processed by the natural method (dried in the whole fruit). Barrington Coffee is an artisan roaster dedicated to elite coffees, fresh delivery and roasting that foregrounds the coffee and not the roast. Visit www.barringtoncoffee.com or call 800-528-0998 for more information.
Produced by smallholding farmers around the Gura Factory (mill), from trees of the SL28, SL34, Ruiru 11 and Batian varieties of Arabica, and processed by the washed method (fruit skin and pulp are removed before drying). JBC Coffee Roasters’ vision is simple: “let the coffee lead the way” through sourcing and roasting the best and most unique coffees available and rewarding the farmers who grow those coffees with substantial premiums. Visit www.jbccoffeeroasters.com or call 608-256-5282 for more information.
Produced by Omar Pimentel of Finca El Principito entirely of the Yellow Catuai variety of Arabica, and processed by the washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed before beans are dried). Kakalove Cafe is a nano-roaster located in the small city of Chia-Yi in Taiwan that strives to procure and roast the finest quality coffee. Visit www.kakalovecafe.com.tw or email [email protected] for more information.
Produced by smallholding farmers around the Sierra de los Cuchumatanes mountain range from trees of the Caturra, Bourbon and Catuaí varieties of Arabica, and processed by the washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed before beans are dried). Novo Coffee is a quality-oriented boutique roasting company with a roastery open to the public and four cafes in the Denver, Colorado metropolitan area. Visit www.novocoffee.com or call 303-295-7678 for more information
Produced by Bernabe Calmo Sales entirely of the Red and Yellow Pache varieties of Arabica and processed by the washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed before beans are dried). Founded in 2015, States Coffee is a community-focused coffee and bread company in the San Francisco Bay Area of California featuring coffee roasted in-house and artisan-baked goods. Products are available in-store only. Visit www.statescoffee.com for more information.
Produced by Jesus Recinos entirely from trees of the Bourbon variety of Arabica and processed by the washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed before beans are dried). Magnolia Coffee is a Charlotte-based specialty roaster whose motto is “Craft roasted. Truly delicious. Socially conscious.” Magnolia particularly emphasizes community engagement through its Local Beans for Local Good programs. Visit www.magnoliacoffeeco.com for more information.
Comprised of the Bourbon and Caturra varieties of Arabica and processed by the natural method (dried in the whole fruit). Plat Coffee is a specialty roaster and café in Hong Kong. For more information, visit www.platcoffee.com.
A natural-processed (dried in the whole fruit) Pacamara coffee imported by Full Sweet Coffee. Founded by longtime roaster Hank Tseng, Qin Mi Coffee is a roastery and cafe with the goal of providing guests the utmost in hospitality and quality. Visit https://shopee.tw/a5190829 for more information.
Produced by Rigoberto Herrera of Granja La Esperanza entirely of the rare Sudan Rume variety of Arabica, and processed by the traditional washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). Plat Coffee is a specialty roaster and café in Hong Kong. For more information, visit www.platcoffee.com.
Produced at Los Cantares estate entirely of the celebrated Gesha (also spelled Geisha) variety of Arabica and processed by the natural method (dried in the whole fruit). Hidden Coffee HK is a specialty nano-roaster and cafe based in Hong Kong. Visit https://www.facebook.com/HiddenCoffeeHK/about/?ref=page_internal for more information.
Produced by the Rodriguez family entirely of the Caturra variety of Arabica, and dried in the whole fruit, then finished in a low-temperature electric dryer designed for cacao, a method known as “coco natural” in Bolivia. Hidden Coffee HK is a specialty nano-roaster and cafe based in Hong Kong. Visit https://www.facebook.com/HiddenCoffeeHK/about/?ref=page_internal for more information.
Produced by smallholding farmers near the Raro Nansebo Washing Station, from the 4110, 74112 and other local Ethiopia varieties of Arabica, and processed by the natural method (dried in the whole fruit). Paradise Roasters specializes in micro-lot Arabica and Robusta coffees from Asia and other emerging origins. Paradise prides itself on quality and freshness, craft-roasting coffees in small batches only after orders are placed. Visit www.paradiseroasters.com or call 763-433-0626 for more information.
Produced at the Gatomboya washing station operated by the Barichu Cooperative Society, from trees of the SL28 and SL34 varieties of Arabica, and processed by the traditional Kenya washed method. Drink Coffee Do Stuff operates a roastery in Truckee, California and a coffee shop in nearby Incline Village, Nevada. Visit www.drinkcoffeedostuff.com for more information.
Produced by Luis Alberto at Finca La Bendicion entirely of the rare, big-beaned Yellow Maracaturra variety of Arabica, and processed by the natural method (dried in the whole fruit). Paradise Roasters specializes in micro-lot Arabica and Robusta coffees from Asia and other emerging origins. Paradise prides itself on quality and freshness, craft-roasting coffees in small batches only after orders are placed. Visit www.paradiseroasters.com or call 763-433-0626 for more information.
Produced by smallholding farmers, entirely of the Typica variety of Arabica, and processed by the washed method using species of lactic acid-producing yeast and bacteria during the fermentation step. Paradise Roasters specializes in micro-lot Arabica and Robusta coffees from Asia and other emerging origins. Paradise prides itself on quality and freshness, craft-roasting coffees in small batches only after orders are placed. Visit www.paradiseroasters.com or call 763-433-0626 for more information.
Produced by the Bustamante family entirely of Ecurobusta, a hybrid created from a basket of the best Robusta varieties grown in Ecuador. Processed by the anaerobic natural method (whole fruit is fermented with limited oxygen before drying). Paradise Roasters specializes in micro-lot Arabica and Robusta coffees from Asia and other emerging origins. Paradise prides itself on quality and freshness, craft-roasting coffees in small batches only after orders are placed. Visit www.paradiseroasters.com or call 763-433-0626 for more information.
A blend of three different washed-process coffees from Peru. Nostalgia Coffee Roasters was founded by Taylor Fields in 2018 as a mobile café; it has since added specialty roasting and online sales of select fine coffees. Visit www.nostalgiacoffeeroasters.com for more information.
Produced by the smallholders of the New Ngariama Farmers Cooperative Society from trees of the SL-28, Ruiru 11 and Batian varieties of Arabica. Processed at Kamwangi Washing Station by the particularly meticulous Kenya variation on the traditional wet or “washed” method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). Bird Rock Coffee Roasters is a retailer and wholesaler focused on organic and socially responsible coffees; it was awarded the “2012 Micro-Roaster of the Year” title by Roast Magazine. Visit www.birdrockcoffee.com or call 858-551-1707 for more information.
Produced at the Menendez Family Farm entirely of the big-beaned Pacamara variety of Arabica and processed by the wet, or washed, method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). RamsHead Coffee Roasters is a family-owned company founded by Bozeman, Montana, natives Caleb and Laura Walker that specializes in direct trade microlot coffees. For more information, visit www.ramsheadcoffee.com.
Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one are largely produced from distinctive indigenous Ethiopian landrace varieties of Arabica long grown in their respective regions. Processed by the wet or washed method (fruit skin and pulp are removed before beans are dried). Jackrabbit Java selects the finest coffees from around the world and roasts them in Thermopolis, Wyoming’s mountain air. All Jackrabbit Java coffees are specialty-grade and roasted to order. Visit www.jackrabbitjava.com for more information.
Certified USDA Organic and Fair Trade-certified. Produced by smallholding farmers near the Tsheya washing station entirely of the SL34 variety of Arabica and processed by the washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). Founded in 2009, Fresh Roasted Coffee is committed to quality, service and sustainability. The company offers affordable, high-quality, freshly roasted specialty coffees. Visit www.freshroastedcoffee.com for more information.
Produced at Ngila Estate from trees of the Bourbon and Kent varieties of Arabica and processed by the washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). Big Shoulders Coffee is a Chicago artisan roaster that emphasizes a fresh-roasted, no-nonsense approach to fine coffee. Visit www.bigshoulderscoffee.com or call 312-846-1439 for more information. 
This exceptional coffee was selected as the No. 30 coffee on Coffee Review’s list of the Top 30 Coffees of 2021. Produced by the Casimiro Garcia Lopez family entirely of the Pluma Hidalgo variety of Arabica and processed by the washed method. Committed to sourcing, roasting and brewing the finest coffees, Temple features coffee from distinguished single estates and cooperatives around the world. Visit www.templecoffee.com or call 916-454-1282 for more information.
Produced by Luis Pedro Zelaya Zamora entirely of the Bourbon variety of Arabica and processed by the washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). JBC Coffee Roasters’ vision is simple: “let the coffee lead the way” through sourcing and roasting the best and most unique coffees available and rewarding the farmers who grow those coffees with substantial premiums. Visit www.jbccoffeeroasters.com or call 608-256-5282 for more information.
Produced by the Casimiro Garcia Lopez family entirely of the Pluma Hidalgo variety of Arabica, and processed by the washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). JBC Coffee Roasters’ vision is simple: “let the coffee lead the way” through sourcing and roasting the best and most unique coffees available and rewarding the farmers who grow those coffees with substantial premiums. Visit www.jbccoffeeroasters.com or call 608-256-5282 for more information.
Despite grower discontent, unclear government coffee policy and urban encroachment on prime coffee lands, the famed Kenya coffee auction system and its participating cooperatives continue to produce some of the world's most elegant and distinctive coffees. Mr. Chao Coffee is a subsidiary of Intekeco Co., Ltd, based in New Taipei City, Taiwan, which provides both green and roasted coffee to wholesale and retail clients. Visit https://chao-coffee.webnode.tw/zh-tw/ for more information.
Despite grower discontent, unclear government coffee policy and urban encroachment on prime coffee lands, the famed Kenya coffee auction system and its participating cooperatives continue to produce some of the world's most elegant and distinctive coffees. Mr. Chao Coffee is a subsidiary of Intekeco Co., Ltd, based in New Taipei City, Taiwan, which provides both green and roasted coffee to wholesale and retail clients. Visit https://chao-coffee.webnode.tw/zh-tw/ for more information.
Produced by smallholding members of the Misozi Kopaki Cooperative entirely of the Bourbon variety of Arabica and processed by the washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). Certified USDA Organic and Fair Trade-certified. Founded in 2009, Fresh Roasted Coffee is committed to quality, service and sustainability. The company offers affordable, high-quality, freshly roasted specialty coffees. Visit www.freshroastedcoffee.com for more information.
A blend of natural- and honey-processed coffees from four different origins. Eagle Valley Coffee is a Taiwan-based coffee shop and roastery specializing in online sales of high-quality microlot coffees. Visit Eagle Valley Coffee on Facebook for more information.
A blend of washed-process coffees from Colombia available at Target, Kroger, Mariano’s and several independent grocers in the Chicago area. Metropolis Coffee’s motto is “Great coffee for everyone.” The Chicago-based roaster specializes in affordable, high-quality single-origins and blends. Visit www.metropoliscoffee.com for more information.
A blend of washed-process coffees from Colombia available at Target, Kroger, Mariano’s and several independent grocers in the Chicago area. Metropolis Coffee’s motto is “Great coffee for everyone.” The Chicago-based roaster specializes in affordable, high-quality single-origins and blends. Visit www.metropoliscoffee.com for more information.
Certified USDA Organic and Rainforest Alliance-certified. Produced by the Olveira family at Finca Hungria from trees of the Bourbon, Caturra, Pacas and Catimor varieties of Arabica and processed by the washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). Founded in 2009, Fresh Roasted Coffee is committed to quality, service and sustainability. The company offers affordable, high-quality, freshly roasted specialty coffees. Visit www.freshroastedcoffee.com for more information.
Produced at Finca Altieri entirely of the celebrated Geisha variety of Arabica and processed by the washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). Le Brewlife is a specialty coffee roaster based in Taichung, Taiwan. Visit www.lebrewlife.co for more information.
Produced at Fazenda Rainha entirely of the Yellow Bourbon variety of Arabica and processed by the natural method (beans are dried in the whole fruit). Le Brewlife is a specialty coffee roaster based in Taichung, Taiwan. Visit www.lebrewlife.co for more information.
Produced at Zhou Zhu Yuan farm entirely of the So’ngna variety of Arabica and processed by the washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). Le Brewlife is a specialty coffee roaster based in Taichung, Taiwan. Visit www.lebrewlife.co for more information.
Produced by Lorena Castillo Castellanos of Sierra Roja Farm entirely of the Geisha variety of Arabica, and processed by the washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed before beans are dried). GK Coffee is a nano-roastery in Yilan, Taiwan that offers both retail and wholesale coffee. For more information, visit www.gkcoffee.com.tw or email [email protected]
Produced by smallholding members of La Voz que Clama en el Desierto cooperative, from the Typica, Bourbon and Caturra varieties of Arabica, and processed by the washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed before beans are dried). Nostalgia Coffee Roasters was founded by Taylor Fields in 2018 as a mobile café; it has since added specialty roasting and online sales of select fine coffees. Visit www.nostalgiacoffeeroasters.com for more information.
Produced by Arturo Aguirre of El Injerto Farm entirely of the Pacamara variety of Arabica, and processed by the washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed before beans are dried). Founded in 1995 by Brooke McDonnell and Helen Russell, Equator Coffees operates retail stores in the San Francisco Bay Area and provides coffee to hundreds of wholesale accounts. Visit www.equatorcoffees.com or call 800-809-7687 for more information.
Produced at Finca La Bella Farm entirely of the Geisha variety of Arabica and processed by the washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed before beans are dried). Green Stone Coffee is a woman-owned artisan roastery in Taipei, Taiwan founded in 2016 and specializing in sourcing distinctive coffees that express their individual terroirs. Visit greenstone-coffee.com for more information.
Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one are produced from distinctive indigenous landrace Ethiopian varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. This is a dry-processed or “natural” version, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit rather than after the fruit has been removed, as is the case with wet-processed or “washed” coffees. Santos Coffee is a micro-roaster based in Chia-Yi, Taiwan. Visit https://www.facebook.com/SantosCoffeeWU or email mail
Produced at Hacienda La Esmeralda from plantings of wild and semi-wild varieties of Ethiopia Arabica in Costa Rica’s International Coffee Collection. These coffees were then blended and processed by the washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). Paradise Roasters specializes in micro-lot Arabica and Robusta coffees from Asia and other emerging origins. Paradise prides itself on quality and freshness, craft-roasting coffees in small batches only after orders are placed. Visit www.paradiseroasters.com or call 763-433-0626 for more information.
Produced by smallholding farmers from trees of the Guji, Typica and indigenous Ethiopian landrace varieties of Arabica, and processed by the natural method (dried in the whole fruit) by Aklilu and Biniam Aklilu Kassa at the Dimtu Mill. Barrington Coffee is an artisan roaster dedicated to elite coffees, fresh delivery and roasting that foregrounds the coffee and not the roast. Visit www.barringtoncoffee.com or call 800-528-0998 for more information.
Produced by smallholding farmers and processed at the Hamasho Washing Station from 74110, 74112 and other local varieties of Arabica. Paradise Roasters specializes in micro-lot Arabica and Robusta coffees from Asia and other emerging origins. Paradise prides itself on quality and freshness, craft-roasting coffees in small batches only after orders are placed. Visit www.paradiseroasters.com or call 763-433-0626 for more information.
Produced by smallholding farmers entirely of the Kona Typica variety of Arabica and processed by the traditional Kona washed method. The finished green coffee is then soaked in a solution of grape juice and oak, then dried again. Paradise Roasters specializes in micro-lot Arabica and Robusta coffees from Asia and other emerging origins. Paradise prides itself on quality and freshness, craft-roasting coffees in small batches only after orders are placed. Visit www.paradiseroasters.com or call 763-433-0626 for more information.
Produced by Ricardo Hernandez Naranjo of La Candelilla Farm, entirely of the Geisha variety of Arabica, and processed by the natural method (beans are dried in the whole fruit). JBC Coffee Roasters’ vision is simple: “let the coffee lead the way” through sourcing and roasting the best and most unique coffees available and rewarding the farmers who grow those coffees with substantial premiums. Visit www.jbccoffeeroasters.com or call 608-256-5282 for more information.
Produced by smallholding members of the Ngariama Farmers Cooperative Society from trees of the SL28, SL34, Batian and Ruiru varieties of Arabica and processed by the washed method. JBC Coffee Roasters’ vision is simple: “let the coffee lead the way” through sourcing and roasting the best and most unique coffees available and rewarding the farmers who grow those coffees with substantial premiums. Visit www.jbccoffeeroasters.com or call 608-256-5282 for more information.
Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one are largely produced from distinctive indigenous Ethiopian varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. Processed by the natural method (dried in the whole fruit). Founded in 1995 by Brooke McDonnell and Helen Russell, Equator Coffees operates retail stores in the San Francisco Bay Area and provides coffee to hundreds of wholesale accounts. Visit www.equatorcoffees.com or call 800-809-7687 for more information. 
Produced at Finca Santa Maria entirely of the celebrated Gesha (also spelled Geisha) variety of Arabica, and processed by the honey method, in which some sweet pulp or fruit flesh (“honey”) is allowed to adhere to the beans during drying. Finca Santa Maria is certified with the Con Manos de Mujer seal, verifying that it was produced by women farmers. SkyTop Coffee is a USDA certified-organic specialty coffee roaster based in Manlius, New York. For more information, visit skytopcoffee.com.
Produced by the Hassen family at their estate farm in the Guji Zone from distinctive landrace varieties of Arabica long grown in the region and processed by the washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). Certified USDA organic. Founded in 1990, Roadmap CoffeeWorks, formerly Lexington Coffee Roasters, is an award-winning artisan roasting company based in Lexington, Virginia. Roadmap CoffeeWorks focuses on producing fresh, distinctive and sustainable coffees. Visit www.roadmapcoffeeworks.com or call 800-322-6505 for more information.
Produced by smallholding members of the Mutheka Farmers Cooperative from trees of the admired SL28 and SL34 varieties of Arabica and processed by the washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried) at the Kiandu Washing Station. Founded in 1994, Coffee By Design is a specialty coffee roaster in Portland, Maine that also operates three coffee shops in town, as well as one in Freeport. Visit www.coffeebydesign.com.
Produced by the Hassen family at their estate farm in the Guji Zone from distinctive landrace varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. This is a dry-processed or “natural” version, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit rather than after the fruit has been removed, as is the case with wet-processed or “washed” coffees. Certified USDA organic. Founded in 1990, Roadmap CoffeeWorks, formerly Lexington Coffee Roasters, is an award-winning artisan roasting company based in Lexington, Virginia. Roadmap CoffeeWorks focuses on producing fresh, distinctive and sustainable coffees. Visit www.roadmapcoffeeworks.com or call 800-322-6505 for more information.
Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one are produced from traditional Ethiopian landrace varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. This is a wet-processed or “washed” coffee, meaning the fruit skin and pulp were removed from the beans immediately after harvesting and before drying. Jaunt Coffee Roasters is a San Diego-based roaster and café with an extensive coffee and food menu. Visit www.jauntcoffee.com for more information.
This exceptional coffee was selected as the No. 26 coffee on Coffee Review’s list of the Top 30 Coffees of 2021. Produced at Hung Farm entirely of the Catimore variety of Arabica, and processed by the washed method (beans are dried in the whole fruit). VN Beans is a Bay Area coffee importer and roaster dedicated to sharing Vietnamese culture and Vietnamese specialty coffee sourced from small, family-owned coffee farms in Vietnam. Visit www.vnbeans.com for more information.
Produced at Tradicao Peixoto, a Black-owned farm, entirely of the Mundo Novo variety of Arabica, and processed by the traditional Brazilian natural method (beans are dried in the whole fruit). This sample consists entirely of peaberries, a kind of bean that results when the coffee fruit develops a single, oval bean rather than the usual pair of flat-sided beans. True Coffee is a specialty roaster and cafe in Wisconsin whose motto is, “On a never-ending quest to bring you a great cup of coffee, by staying true to the bean.” Visit www.truecoffeeroasters.com for more information.
Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one are largely produced from distinctive indigenous Ethiopian landrace varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. Processed by the natural method (dried in the whole fruit). Taster’s Coffee is a nano-roaster based in Taipei City, Taiwan. Visit www.tasterscoffee.com for more information.
Produced by smallholding farmers around the Riakiberu Factory (mill), entirely from trees of the admired SL28 and SL34 varieties of Arabica and processed by the washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). Despite grower discontent and urban encroachment on prime coffee lands, Kenya continues to produce some of the world’s most elegant and distinctive coffees. Jaunt Coffee Roasters is a San Diego-based roaster and café with an extensive coffee and food menu. Visit www.jauntcoffee.com for more information.
Produced by the Garrido family entirely of the rare Mokkita variety of Arabica and processed by a particularly meticulous version of the dried-in-the-fruit natural method. Cafe Unido is a roaster specializing in Panama’s top-lot coffees, with offices in both Panama and the U.S. Visit www.cafeunido.com for more information.
Produced by smallholding farmers surrounding the Karatina Coffee Factory from trees of the Ruiru 11, SL28 and Batian varieties of Arabica, and processed by the washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). Committed to sourcing, roasting and brewing the finest coffees, Temple features coffee from distinguished single estates and cooperatives around the world. Visit www.templecoffee.com or call 916-454-1282 for more information. 
Produced by the Alvarez family entirely of the Bourbon variety of Arabica and processed by the natural method (dried in the whole fruit). JBC Coffee Roasters’ vision is simple: “let the coffee lead the way” through sourcing and roasting the best and most unique coffees available and rewarding the farmers who grow those coffees with substantial premiums. Visit www.jbccoffeeroasters.com or call 608-256-5282 for more information.
Despite grower discontent, unclear government coffee policy and urban encroachment on prime coffee lands, the famed Kenya coffee auction system and its participating cooperatives continue to produce some of the world's most elegant and distinctive coffees. Mr. Chao Coffee is a subsidiary of Intekeco Co., Ltd, based in New Taipei City, Taiwan, which provides both green and roasted coffee to wholesale and retail clients. Visit https://chao-coffee.webnode.tw/zh-tw/ for more information.
This exceptional coffee was selected as the No. 13 coffee on Coffee Review’s list of the Top 30 Coffees of 2021. Produced by smallholding farmers of the Bait Alal community from trees of the Udaini variety of Arabica and processed by the natural method (sun-dried in the whole fruit). Port of Mokha is an importer of specialty coffees from Yemen with a roasting operation in San Jose, California. Visit www.portofmokha.com for more information.
This exceptional coffee was selected as the No. 22 coffee on Coffee Review’s list of the Top 30 Coffees of 2021. Produced by smallholding farmers from trees of the Udaini, Tufahi and  Dwairi varieties of Arabica and processed by the natural method (sun-dried in the whole fruit). Exported by Sheba Coffee. Euphora Coffee is a Taipei-based specialty coffee roaster with an active online community through which all sales are made. Visit www.euphoracoffeestudio.com for more information.
Produced from the Udaini variety of Arabica and processed by the natural method (sun-dried in the whole fruit). Port of Mokha is an importer of specialty coffees from Yemen with a roasting operation in San Jose, California. Visit www.portofmokha.com for more information.
Produced by smallholding farmers mainly from the Udaini variety of Arabica and processed by the natural method (sun-dried in the whole fruit). Imported by Port of Mokha. Chromatic prides itself in doing everything in-house and meticulously, from printing its attractive bags to modifying equipment to sourcing and roasting its exceptional coffees. Visit www.chromaticcoffee.com for more information.
Produced by smallholding farmers in the Bani Matar District from trees of local landrace varieties of Arabica, and processed by the natural method (sun-dried in the whole fruit). Collage works with local artists to promote fine arts in its region and values serving its community. This coffee is available for purchase at the Collage store and cafe, 221 South Broad Street, Grove City, Pennsylvania.
Produced by smallholding farmers from trees of the Dwairi and Tufahi varieties of Arabica and processed by the natural method (sun-dried in the whole fruit). Dragonfly Coffee, named 2019 Micro-Roaster of the Year by Roast magazine, is now based in Henderson, Nevada. Visit dragonflycoffeeroasters.com or call 303-579-2154 for more information.
Produced by smallholding farmers from trees of local heirloom varieties of Arabica and processed by the natural method (dried in the whole fruit). Founded in 1995 by Brooke McDonnell and Helen Russell, Equator Coffees operates retail stores in the San Francisco Bay Area and provides coffee to hundreds of wholesale accounts. Visit www.equatorcoffees.com or call 800-809-7687 for more information.
Produced by smallholding farmers of the Bait Alal community entirely from trees representing a newly identified genetic cluster of Coffea arabica unique to Yemen that Qima Coffee has labeled Yemenia. Processed by what Qima calls its Alchemy process, which involves fermenting the whole coffee fruit in three stages before it is dried, including a stage in which the fruit is sealed in pressurized tanks (a variation of the so-called “anaerobic” process). Qima Coffee specializes exclusively in importing coffees from Yemen, which it both sells green and roasts under its own label in London. Visit https://www.qimacoffee.com/ for more information.
Produced by Mohamed Ahmed Al Rumaim entirely of the Udaini variety of Arabica and processed by the natural method (sun-dried in the whole fruit). Euphora Coffee is a Taipei-based specialty coffee roaster with an active online community through which all sales are made. Visit www.euphoracoffeestudio.com for more information.
Produced at Finca Churupampa and processed by the washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). Certified organic and fair trade. RamsHead Coffee Roasters is a family-owned company founded by Bozeman, Montana, natives Caleb and Laura Walker that specializes in direct-trade microlot coffees. For more information, visit www.ramsheadcoffee.com.
Produced by Rigoberto and Rodrigo Herrera at Finca Potosí of Café Granja Esperanza and processed by the anaerobic natural method (fruit is fermented in the whole fruit with limited access to oxygen). Located in southwestern Colorado, Durango Coffee lays claim to a rich coffee history that dates to 1986. Its motto is “Tough Town, Great Coffee.” Visit www.durangocoffee.com or call 800-748-2275 for more information.
Produced at Finca Las Moras, a farm owned by Genuine Origin importers. Produced entirely from trees of the Parainema variety of Arabica, and processed by the yellow honey method. With all honey processing methods, some sweet pulp or fruit flesh (“honey”) is allowed to adhere to the beans during drying. In the yellow honey variation, a thin layer of pulp is allowed to dry on the beans, more than with white honey, but less than is the case with red or black honey. RamsHead Coffee Roasters is a family-owned company founded by Bozeman, Montana, natives Caleb and Laura Walker that specializes in direct trade microlot coffees. For more information, visit www.ramsheadcoffee.com.
A blend of three coffees — a washed and a natural-processed Ethiopia and a natural El Salvador — roasted for espresso applications. Regent Coffee was established in 2017 in Glendale, California. With more than 10 years of roasting experience, Regent strives to deliver coffee with care and purpose. Visit regentcoffee.com for more information.
Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one are largely produced from distinctive indigenous Ethiopian landrace varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. Processed by the natural method (dried in the whole fruit). Taster’s Coffee is a nano-roaster based in New Taipei City, Taiwan. Visit www.tasterscoffee.com for more information.
Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one are largely produced from distinctive indigenous Ethiopian landrace varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. Processed by the natural method (dried in the whole fruit). David's Nose Coffee is a specialty coffee roaster based in Taipei, Taiwan whose founder studied agronomy and has a deep interest in crop quality. For more information, visit www.dnose.com.tw.
A blend of coffees from Colombia, Guatemala, Ethiopia and Brazil. Taster’s Coffee is a nano-roaster based in new Taipei City, Taiwan. Visit www.tasterscoffee.com for more information.
A blend comprised of a natural-processed Ethiopia and a washed-process Nicaragua, roasted for espresso applications. David's Nose Coffee is a specialty coffee roaster based in Taipei, Taiwan whose founder studied agronomy and has a deep interest in crop quality. For more information, visit www.dnose.com.tw.
Kona Coffee Love Co. offers roasted coffees grown at Boranian Farms. Though not certified organic, Boranian actively cultivates its crops with regenerative agriculture methods like cover-cropping, growing nitrogen-fixing trees to coppice and mulch, making and implementing Korean natural farming solutions, using permaculture energy solutions, cooking compost, etc. Visit www.konalovecoffee.com for more information.
Kona Coffee Love Co. offers roasted coffees grown at Boranian Farms. Though not certified organic, Boranian actively cultivates its crops with regenerative agriculture methods like cover-cropping, growing nitrogen-fixing trees to coppice and mulch, making and implementing Korean natural farming solutions, using permaculture energy solutions, cooking compost, etc. Visit www.konalovecoffee.com for more information.
Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one are largely produced from distinctive traditional Ethiopian landrace varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. Processed by the wet or washed method (fruit skin and pulp are removed before drying). Kakalove Cafe is a nano-roaster located in the small city of Chia-Yi in Taiwan that strives to procure and roast the finest quality coffee. Visit www.kakalovecafe.com.tw or email [email protected] for more information. 
A blend of coffees produced by Finca El General in Acatenango, Guatemala, all processed by the natural method (dried in the whole fruit). Kakalove Cafe is a nano-roaster located in the small city of Chia-Yi in Taiwan that strives to procure and roast the finest quality coffee. Visit www.kakalovecafe.com.tw or email [email protected] for more information. 
Produced at Santa Felisa farm entirely of the rare Sudan Rume variety of Arabica and processed by fermentation in the whole fruit with the addition of wild yeasts added to the tank, then dried in the whole fruit, making it, in effect, a fermented natural. Kakalove Cafe is a nano-roaster located in the small city of Chia-Yi in Taiwan that strives to procure and roast the finest quality coffee. Visit www.kakalovecafe.com.tw or email [email protected] for more information. 
 Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one are largely produced from distinctive indigenous Ethiopian landrace varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. Processed by the natural method (dried in the whole fruit). Kakalove Cafe is a nano-roaster located in the small city of Chia-Yi in Taiwan that strives to procure and roast the finest quality coffee. Visit www.kakalovecafe.com.tw or email [email protected] for more information. 
This exceptional coffee was selected as the No. 10 coffee on Coffee Review’s list of the Top 30 Coffees of 2021.Despite grower discontent, unclear government coffee policy and urban encroachment on prime coffee lands, the famed Kenya coffee auction system and its participating cooperatives continue to produce some of the world's most elegant and distinctive coffees. Established in 2010, Red Rooster is an organic-certified micro-roaster focusing on socially conscious, high-quality coffee. Visit redroostercoffee.com or call 540-745-7338 for more information.
Produced by Israel Degfa from local Ethiopia varieties of Arabica and processed by the natural method (dried in the whole fruit) at the producer’s namesake washing station. Big Shoulders Coffee is a Chicago artisan roaster that emphasizes a fresh-roasted, no-nonsense approach to fine coffee. Visit www.bigshoulderscoffee.com or call 312-846-1439 for more information.
Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one are largely produced from traditional Ethiopian landrace varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. Processed by the natural anaerobic method in which the coffee cherries are fermented in the whole fruit with limited access to oxygen before they are dried. Established in 2010, Red Rooster is an organic-certified micro-roaster focusing on socially conscious, high-quality coffee. Visit redroostercoffee.com or call 540-745-7338 for more information.
A blend of coffees from Central America and Africa. Certified USDA Organic. Established in 2010, Red Rooster is an organic-certified micro-roaster focusing on socially conscious, high-quality coffee. Visit redroostercoffee.com or call 540-745-7338 for more information.
In addition to his retail roasting operation, Aroma Roast Coffees, Simon Hsieh also operates Soaring Phoenix Trading, a business focused on purpose-built commercial espresso blends and high-quality single-origin coffees. Customers can also visit the new showroom, Chateau Andy, in Taipei City. Visit www.facebook.com/4ArtsZeroDefectCoffees or call 886-0983-749876 for more information.
Produced by Rigoberto and Rodrigo Herrera at Finca Potosí of Café Granja Esperanza from trees of the Caturra and Colombia varieties of Arabica, and processed by the anaerobic natural method (fruit is fermented in the whole fruit with limited access to oxygen). Big Shoulders Coffee is a Chicago artisan roaster that emphasizes a fresh-roasted, no-nonsense approach to fine coffee. Visit www.bigshoulderscoffee.com or call 312-846-1439 for more information. 
Produced by smallholding farmers around the Gogogu washing station largely from trees of landrace Ethiopia varieties of Arabica, and processed by the washed method (whole fruit is fermented with limited oxygen before drying). Big Shoulders Coffee is a Chicago artisan roaster that emphasizes a fresh-roasted, no-nonsense approach to fine coffee. Visit www.bigshoulderscoffee.com or call 312-846-1439 for more information. 
Produced by smallholding members of the Gikanda Farmers Cooperative Society, from trees of the SL28, SL34 and Ruiru 11 varieties of Arabica, and processed by the washed method at the Gichathaini Factory. Founded in 1990, Roadmap CoffeeWorks, formerly Lexington Coffee Roasters, is an award-winning artisan roasting company based in Lexington, Virginia. Roadmap CoffeeWorks focuses on producing fresh, distinctive and sustainable coffees. Visit www.roadmapcoffeeworks.com or call 800-322-6505 for more information.
Guji is a coffee-growing region nestled next to Ethiopia's better-known Yirgacheffe and Sidamo regions. Guji coffees are largely produced from distinctive landrace varieties of Arabica long grown there. Processed by the washed method (fruit skin and pulp are removed before drying). Mr. Chao Coffee is a subsidiary of Intekeco Co., Ltd, based in New Taipei City, Taiwan, which provides both green and roasted coffee to wholesale and retail clients. Visit https://chao-coffee.webnode.tw/zh-tw/ for more information.
Produced by the Lamastus family of Elida Estate entirely of the Catuaí variety of Arabica and processed by the natural method (dried in the whole fruit). Now based in Henderson, Nevada, Dragonfly Coffee was named 2019 Micro-Roaster of the Year by Roast magazine. Visit www.dragonflycoffeeroasters.com or call 303-579-2154 for more information.
Yirgacheffe coffees like this one are largely produced from traditional Ethiopian landrace varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. A wet-processed or “washed” version (fruit skin and pulp are removed before drying). Coffee Please is an artisanal roastery and cafe in Taipei’s Beitou District, famous for its proximity to the Yangming Mountain hot springs. Visit www.facebook.com/CoffeepleaseTW for more information.
Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one are produced from distinctive traditional Ethiopian landrace varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. Processed by the natural method (dried in the whole fruit). JBC Coffee Roasters’ vision is simple: “let the coffee lead the way” through sourcing and roasting the best and most unique coffees available and rewarding the farmers who grow those coffees with substantial premiums. Visit www.jbccoffeeroasters.com or call 608-256-5282 for more information.
Produced by the Lamastus family of Elida Estate entirely from the Catuaí variety of Arabica and processed by the anaerobic slow-dry (ASD) natural method (whole fruit is fermented with limited oxygen and dried for over 60 days). Now based in Henderson, Nevada, Dragonfly Coffee was named 2019 Micro-Roaster of the Year by Roast magazine. Visit www.dragonflycoffeeroasters.com or call 303-579-2154 for more information.
Guji is a coffee-growing region nestled next to Ethiopia's better-known Yirgacheffe and Sidamo regions. Guji coffees are largely produced from distinctive landrace varieties of Arabica long grown there. Processed by the washed method (fruit skin and pulp are removed before drying). Coffee Please is an artisanal roastery and cafe in Taipei’s Beitou District, famous for its proximity to the Yangming Mountain hot springs. Visit www.facebook.com/CoffeepleaseTW for more information.
A blend of coffees from the Indonesian islands of Java, Flores and Sumatra. Mystic Monk Coffee is a small-batch roaster associated with a Carmelite monastery located in the Rocky Mountains of northern Wyoming. The monks emphasize an artisan approach to roasting and a commitment to quality. Visit www.mysticmonkcoffee.com or call 877-751-6377 for more information.
Coffees from the Yirgacheffe region are largely produced from distinctive Ethiopian landrace varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. Certified USDA Organic and fair trade. Processed by the wet or washed method (fruit skin and pulp are removed before drying). Mystic Monk Coffee is a small-batch roaster associated with a Carmelite monastery located in the Rocky Mountains of northern Wyoming. The monks emphasize an artisan approach to roasting and a commitment to quality. Visit www.mysticmonkcoffee.com or call 877-751-6377 for more information.
Produced by Francisco A. Mena at Sumava de Lourdes Farm entirely of the Geisha (also spelled Gesha) variety of Arabica, and processed by the washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). Willoughby’s Coffee & Tea is a pioneer specialty coffee roaster established in the early 1980s that has gracefully and successfully moved with the  times and now offers a menu of extremely refined small-lot, single-origin coffees. Visit www.willoughbyscoffee.com or call 800-388-8400 for more information.
Certified USDA Organic. Produced by Bekele Heto from largely indigenous varieties of Arabica long grown in the region; processed by the natural method (dried in the whole fruit). Imported via Royal Coffee’s single-farmer series. JBC Coffee Roasters’ vision is simple: “let the coffee lead the way” through sourcing and roasting the best and most unique coffees available and rewarding the farmers who grow those coffees with substantial premiums. Visit www.jbccoffeeroasters.com or call 608-256-5282 for more information.
Produced by Sergio Ticas of Finca Los Planes entirely of the Pacamara variety of Arabica, and processed by the washed method. Bird Rock Coffee Roasters is a retailer and wholesaler focused on organic and socially responsible coffees; Bird Rock was awarded the “2012 Micro-Roaster of the Year” title by Roast Magazine. Visit www.birdrockcoffee.com or call 858-551-1707 for more information.
Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one are produced from traditional Ethiopian varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. Certified USDA organic and processed by the natural method (dried in the whole fruit). RamsHead Coffee Roasters is a family-owned company founded by Bozeman, Montana, natives Caleb and Laura Walker that specializes in direct trade microlot coffees. For more information, visit www.ramsheadcoffee.com.
Produced by the METAD farm and mill in southern Ethiopia. Southern Ethiopia produces distinctive coffees from traditional landrace varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. Coffees like this one processed by the wet or washed method (fruit skin and pulp is removed before drying) typically express great aromatic complexity and intensity with a particular emphasis on citrus and floral notes. JBC Coffee Roasters’ vision is simple: “let the coffee lead the way” through sourcing and roasting the best and most unique coffees available and rewarding the farmers who grow those coffees with substantial premiums. Visit www.jbccoffeeroasters.com or call 608-256-5282 for more information.
Produced at Finca La Riviera entirely of the rare Sudan Rume variety of Arabica and processed by a proprietary method that involves fermentation of the whole fruit, followed by a cold-soak, before de-pulping and drying. RamsHead Coffee Roasters is a family-owned company founded by Bozeman, Montana, natives Caleb and Laura Walker that specializes in direct trade microlot coffees. For more information, visit www.ramsheadcoffee.com.
Certified USDA organic. Produced at the Hambela Coffee Estate, owned and operated by METAD farm and mill. Southern Ethiopia produces distinctive coffees from traditional varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. JBC Coffee Roasters’ vision is simple: “let the coffee lead the way” through sourcing and roasting the best and most unique coffees available and rewarding the farmers who grow those coffees with substantial premiums. Visit www.jbccoffeeroasters.com or call 608-256-5282 for more information.
Produced by Kraig Lee of Kona Farm Direct entirely from trees of the coffea Liberica species, and processed by Miguel Meza by a proprietary method he calls “champagne natural.” The freshly picked coffee is fermented in the whole fruit with wine yeasts, then dried, still in the whole fruit. Liberica is a species of coffee native to central Africa and long cultivated in parts of Southeast Asia. Paradise Roasters specializes in micro-lot Arabica and Robusta coffees from Asia and other emerging origins. Paradise prides itself on quality and freshness, craft-roasting coffees in small batches only after orders are placed. Visit www.paradiseroasters.com or call 763-433-0626 for more information.
Produced in the distinguished Guji growing region, nestled next to Ethiopia's better-known Yirgacheffe and Sidamo regions, largely from distinctive indigenous landrace varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. Processed by the natural method (beans are dried in the whole fruit). Samlin Coffee is a nano-roaster and coffee shop in New Taipei City, Taiwan. Visit https://www.facebook.com/samlincoffee/ for more information.
Produced by smallholding members of the CESMACH Cooperative from trees of the Bourbon, Typica and Mundo Novo varieties of Arabica, and processed by the washed method. JBC Coffee Roasters’ vision is simple: “let the coffee lead the way” through sourcing and roasting the best and most unique coffees available and rewarding the farmers who grow those coffees with substantial premiums. Visit www.jbccoffeeroasters.com or call 608-256-5282 for more information.
A blend of two Ethiopia coffees, one natural-process and one washed, roasted for espresso applications. Chu Bei, based in China’s Hubei Province, specializes in the roasting of coffee, cacao, and tea. Visit www.chubei.co for more information.
A blend of two Ethiopia coffees, one natural-process and one washed, roasted for espresso applications. Chu Bei, based in China’s Hubei Province, specializes in the roasting of coffee, cacao, and tea. Visit www.chubei.co for more information.
A blend of coffees from Ethiopia (one natural-processed, one washed) and a Kenya. RamsHead Coffee Roasters is a family-owned company founded by Bozeman, Montana, natives Caleb and Laura Walker that specializes in direct trade microlot coffees. For more information, visit www.ramsheadcoffee.com.
Despite grower discontent, unclear government coffee policy and urban encroachment on prime coffee lands, the famed Kenya cooperatives continue to produce some of the world's most elegant and distinctive coffees. Green Stone Coffee is a woman-owned artisan roastery in Taipei, Taiwan founded in 2016 and specializing in sourcing distinctive coffees that express their individual terroirs. Visit greenstone-coffee.com for more information. 
A blend comprised of coffees from Brazil, Honduras and Yemen. Baba Java is a specialty roaster and cafe retailer located in Hoover Alabama that strives to provide the best coffee experience at every step. Visit www.babajavacoffee.com or call 205-777-5984 for more information. 
Produced by Arturo Aguirre of El Injerto Farm entirely of the celebrated Geisha (also spelled Gesha) variety of Arabica, and processed by the natural method (dried in the whole fruit). Kakalove Cafe is a nano-roaster located in the small city of Chia-Yi in Taiwan that strives to procure and roast the finest quality coffee. Visit www.kakalovecafe.com.tw or email [email protected] for more information. 
A blend of coffees produced by Finca El General in Acatenango, Guatemala and processed by the wet or washed method (fruit skin and pulp are removed before drying).   Kakalove Cafe is a nano-roaster located in the small city of Chia-Yi in Taiwan that strives to procure and roast the finest quality coffee. Visit www.kakalovecafe.com.tw or email [email protected] for more information. 
Coffees like this one from the celebrated Yirgacheffe region are largely produced from distinctive traditional Ethiopian landrace varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. This is a dry-processed or “natural” version, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit rather than after the fruit has been removed, as is the case with wet-processed or “washed” coffees. Kakalove Cafe is a nano-roaster located in the small city of Chia-Yi in Taiwan that strives to procure and roast the finest quality coffee. Visit www.kakalovecafe.com.tw or email [email protected] for more information. 
This exceptional coffee was selected as the No. 20 coffee on Coffee Review’s list of the Top 30 Coffees of 2021. SL28 and SL34 are varieties famous for producing the great classic coffees of Kenya. The trees that produce this particular coffee were formerly thought to consist of the SL28 variety, but have now been determined through genetic analysis to be SL34. It is a limited-edition coffee only available for sale through the allocation list on the Hula Daddy website. Hula Daddy is a boutique coffee producer with farms at the 1,400- and 2,500-foot levels of the Mount Hualalai volcano near the northern end of the Kona growing district, five minutes above the town of Kailua-Kona. This coffee was produced at the higher elevation Hula Daddy farm and processed with the fermentation step conducted “dry” (no water added to the tank) using commercial yeast. Visit www.huladaddy.com or call 808-327-9744 for more information.
Produced by Tamiru Tadesse of Alo Coffee. Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one are largely produced from distinctive indigenous Ethiopian landrace varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. Processed by the natural method (dried in the whole fruit). Genesis Coffee Lab specializes in developing relationships with and importing coffees from specialty coffee producers in Ethiopia. Visit www.genesiscoffeelab.com for more information.
Produced by Edna Arakawa and Jim Chestnut of Arakawa Estate from trees of the Typica and Caturra varieties of Arabica on the Big Island of Hawai’i, and processed by Miguel Meza using an experimental method in which the coffee fruit is fermented with lactic acid-producing organisms and dried in the whole fruit in a de-humidified room. Paradise Roasters specializes in micro-lot Arabica and Robusta coffees from Asia and other emerging origins. Paradise prides itself on quality and freshness, craft-roasting coffees in small batches only after orders are placed. Visit www.paradiseroasters.com or call 763-433-0626 for more information.
Bourbon Pointu, botanical name var. Laurina, is a natural mutation of the famous Bourbon variety, first selected on Reunion Island in the Indian Ocean. The Bourbon Pointu is famous for its natural low levels of caffeine, bean shape (small and tending to be pointed at the ends, hence “pointu”), and pungently fruit-toned, Bourbon-like cup. This version was produced in Kona and is a dry-processed or “natural” coffee, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit. Hula Daddy is a boutique coffee producer with farms at the 1,400- and 2,500-foot levels of the Mount Hualalai volcano near the northern end of the Kona growing district, five minutes above the town of Kailua-Kona. This coffee was produced at the higher elevation Hula Daddy farm. Visit www.huladaddy.com or call 808-327-9744 for more information.
Produced by Jorge Elias Rojas Vasquez entirely of the Yellow Caturra variety of Arabica, and processed by the natural method (dried in the whole fruit). Jaunt Coffee Roasters is a San Diego-based roaster and café with an extensive coffee and food menu. Visit www.jauntcoffee.com for more information.
Produced by the Bayter family of El Vergel Estate entirely of the Ethiopia-derived Java variety of Arabica, and processed by the carbonic maceration natural method, which involves fermenting whole coffee fruit inside a sealed container that has been flushed with CO2, then drying the coffee still in the whole fruit. Located in southwestern Colorado, Durango Coffee lays claim to a rich coffee history that dates to 1986. Its motto is “Tough Town, Great Coffee.” Visit www.durangocoffee.com or call 800-748-2275 for more information.
Produced by brothers Asefa and Mulugeta Dukamo of Daye Bensa entirely of local heirloom varieties of Arabica, and processed by the natural method (dried in the whole fruit). Nostalgia Coffee Roasters was founded by Taylor Fields in 2018 as a mobile café; it has since added specialty roasting and online sales of select fine coffees. Visit www.nostalgiacoffeeroasters.com for more information. 
Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one are largely produced from distinctive indigenous Ethiopia landrace varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. Processed by the natural method (dried in the whole fruit). Jaunt Coffee Roasters is a San Diego-based roaster and café with an extensive coffee and food menu. Visit www.jauntcoffee.com for more information.
A blend of washed- and natural-processed coffees from Papua New Guinea and Costa Rica. Magnolia Coffee is a Charlotte-based specialty roaster whose mission is to use sustainably sourced coffees to make a difference in the lives of coffee workers and to foster a socially conscious community with cause-supporting coffees. Visit www.magnoliacoffeeco.com for more information.
Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one are largely produced from traditional Ethiopian landrace varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. Processed by the natural anaerobic method in which the coffee cherries are fermented in the whole fruit with limited access to oxygen before they are dried. Red Rock Roasters was founded in Albuquerque, New Mexico in 1993 in a family barn and remains family-owned and focused on quality and freshness. Visit www.redrockroasters.com or call 800-873-9793 for more information.
Coffees from the Sidama region like this one are produced from distinctive, largely indigenous Ethiopian landrace varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. Processed by the natural method (dried in the whole fruit). Established in 2009 by Amy and Scott Angelo, Oceana brews specialty coffees that have been roasted in small batches at its roasting house and café in Tequesta, Florida. Visit www.oceanacoffee.com for more information. 
This exceptional coffee was selected as the No. 3 coffee on Coffee Review’s list of the Top 30 Coffees of 2021.  Produced at Finca La Natura entirely of the Ethiopian-derived Wush Wush variety of Arabica, and processed by a proprietary natural method that includes ferment of the whole fruit with selected native yeasts in a temperature-controlled environment before drying. SÖT Coffee Roaster, based in Osaka, Japan, is a self-described Swedish-style roaster with an “aggressively light” roasting style. For more information, visit www.sotcoffee.com.
Produced by Felipe Trujillo of Finca La Ventolera entirely of the Castillo variety of Arabica, and processed by the anaerobic natural method (the coffee cherries are fermented in the whole fruit with limited access to oxygen before they are dried). Nostalgia Coffee Roasters was founded by Taylor Fields in 2018 as a mobile café; it has since added specialty roasting and online sales of select fine coffees. Visit www.nostalgiacoffeeroasters.com for more information. 
This exceptional coffee was selected as the No. 8 coffee on Coffee Review’s list of the Top 30 Coffees of 2021. Produced by Anibal Burbano of Finca La Siria entirely of the celebrated Geisha (also spelled Gesha) variety of Arabica, and processed by the washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). Bird Rock Coffee Roasters is a retailer and wholesaler focused on organic and socially responsible coffees; it was awarded the “2012 Micro-Roaster of the Year” title by Roast Magazine. Visit www.birdrockcoffee.com or call 858-551-1707 for more information.
This exceptional coffee was selected as the No. 4 coffee on Coffee Review’s list of the Top 30 Coffees of 2021. Produced at Santa Felisa farm entirely of the celebrated Gesha (also spelled Geisha) variety of Arabica. Processed by fermentation in the whole fruit with the addition of wild yeasts to the tank, then dried in the whole fruit, making it, in effect, a fermented natural. Kakalove Cafe is a nano-roaster located in the small city of Chia-Yi in Taiwan that strives to procure and roast the finest quality coffee. Visit www.kakalovecafe.com.tw or email [email protected] for more information.
Produced by the Herrera brothers at Granja La Esperanza entirely of the celebrated Gesha (also spelled Geisha) variety of Arabica and processed by the honey method, in which some sweet pulp or fruit flesh (“honey”) is allowed to adhere to the beans during drying. Roasted at PT’s Coffee, where the motto is “without the love, it’s just coffee.” Visit www.ptscoffee.com or call 888-678-JAVA for more information.
This exceptional coffee was selected as the No. 11 coffee on Coffee Review’s list of the Top 30 Coffees of 2021. Produced at Acacia Hills Coffee entirely of the celebrated Gesha (also spelled Geisha) variety of Arabica, and processed by the washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). This sample consists entirely of peaberries, a kind of bean that results when the coffee fruit develops a single, oval bean rather than the usual pair of flat-sided beans. Chromatic prides itself in doing everything in-house and meticulously, from printing its attractive bags to modifying equipment to sourcing and roasting its exceptional coffees. Visit www.chromaticcoffee.com for more information.
Produced by Felipe Sardi & Elisa María Madriñan at La Palma Y El Tucán farm entirely of the Gesha (also spelled Geisha) variety of Arabica, and processed by the natural method (dried in the whole fruit).  Founded in 1995 by Brooke McDonnell and Helen Russell, Equator Coffees operates retail stores in the San Francisco Bay Area and provides coffee to hundreds of wholesale accounts. Visit www.equatorcoffees.com or call 800-809-7687 for more information.
Produced entirely from trees of the Geisha variety of Arabica and processed by the washed anaerobic method (fermentation occurs in a hermetically sealed vessel). GK Coffee is a nano-roastery in Yilan, Taiwan that offers both retail and wholesale coffee. For more information, visit www.gkcoffee.com.tw or email [email protected]
Produced at San Andreas Estate entirely of the famous Geisha (also spelled Gesha) variety of Arabica, and processed by the washed method. Omine Coffee is a new label offered by the soymilk manufacturer Yonho, based in Taipei. Visit https://www.facebook.com/yonho/ for more information.
Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one are largely produced from traditional Ethiopian landrace varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. Processed by the natural anaerobic method in which the coffee cherries are fermented in the whole fruit with limited access to oxygen before they are dried. Founded in 1994, Coffee By Design is a specialty coffee roaster in Portland, Maine that also operates three coffee shops in town, as well as one in Freeport. Visit www.coffeebydesign.com.
Mocca (also spelled Moka and Mokka) is a rare variety of Arabica that apparently originated in the Reunion Islands as a mutant of the great Bourbon variety. This Mocca was processed by the natural method (dried in the whole fruit). This unusual coffee with its tiny beans and striking cup is available only on the Hula Daddy website through their allocation list. Hula Daddy is a boutique coffee producer with farms at the 1,400- and 2,500-foot levels of the Mount Hualalai volcano near the northern end of the Kona growing district, five minutes above the town of Kailua-Kona. This coffee was produced at the higher elevation Hula Daddy farm. Available only via allocation list. Visit www.huladaddy.com or call 888-553-2339 for more information.
Produced entirely from trees of the Red Bourbon variety of Arabica and grown on Hula Daddy’s higher elevation farm; processed by the washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). This presentation of the coffee is named for co-owner Karen Paterson, whose middle name is Jue and whose favorite coffee is the Red Bourbon. Hula Daddy is a boutique coffee producer with farms at the 1,400 and 2,500 foot levels of the Mount Hualalai volcano near the northern end of the Kona growing district, five minutes above the town of Kailua-Kona. Visit www.huladaddy.com or call 888-553-2339 for more information.
Produced by smallholding farmers around the Biru Bekele washing station, largely produced from distinctive indigenous Ethiopian landrace varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. Processed by the natural method (dried in the whole fruit). Cafe Kreyol is a roaster in Manassas, Virginia with the mission of creating sustainable employment by way of specialty coffee. Visit www.cafekreyol.com or call 571-719-7018 for more information.
Despite challenges ranging from unclear government coffee policy and urban encroachment on prime coffee lands to chronically unstable weather, the famed Kenya coffee auction system and its participating cooperatives continue to produce some of the world’s most elegant and distinctive coffees. Temple Coffee is a quality-focused retail and wholesale specialty roaster active in Sacramento, California since 2005. Committed to sourcing, roasting and brewing the finest coffees, Temple features coffee from distinguished single estates and cooperatives around the world. Visit www.templecoffee.com or call 916-454-1282 for more information.
Produced by smallholding farmers of the Mulihuari community, and processed by the washed method. Cafe Kreyol is a roaster in Manassas, Virginia with the mission of creating sustainable employment by way of specialty coffee. Visit www.cafekreyol.com or call 571-719-7018 for more information.
Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one are largely produced from distinctive indigenous Ethiopian varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. This is a dry-processed or “natural” version, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit rather than after the fruit has been removed, as is the case with wet-processed or “washed” coffees. Temple Coffee is a quality-focused retail and wholesale specialty roaster active in Sacramento, California since 2005. Committed to sourcing, roasting and brewing the finest coffees, Temple features coffee from distinguished single estates and cooperatives around the world. Visit www.templecoffee.com or call 916-454-1282 for more information.
18 Rabbits (18 Conejos) is a collective of farms all owned by different members of the Zelaya Ontreras family. Dulce Marlen, the owner of Finca Dulce Luna, is the matriarch of the family and the owner of 18 Rabbit exports. Cafe Kreyol is a roaster in Manassas, Virginia with the mission of creating sustainable employment by way of specialty coffee. Visit www.cafekreyol.com or call 571-719-7018 for more information.
Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one are largely produced from distinctive indigenous Ethiopian landrace varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. Processed by the natural method (dried in the whole fruit). The Singing Elephant Coffee Roastery is a specialty coffee roaster and cafe based in Taipei. Visit https://www.facebook.com/TSECUSTOMROASTERY for more information.
Produced by Jairo Ivan Lopez entirely of the Geisha variety of Arabica, and processed by the carbonic maceration method, which involves fermenting whole coffee fruit inside a sealed container that has been flushed with CO2, then drying the coffee still in the whole fruit. Peach Coffee Roasters is an Atlanta, Georgia-based specialty roaster. Visit www.peachcoffeeroasters.com for more information.
This exceptional coffee was selected as the No. 18 coffee on Coffee Review’s list of the Top 30 Coffees of 2021. Produced by Tamiru Tadesse Tasema entirely of the 74158 variety of Arabica, and processed by a controlled natural method that involves drying a single layer of coffee slowly, at high altitude, for 27 days. Taster’s Coffee is a nano-roaster based in new Taipei City, Taiwan. Visit www.tasterscoffee.com for more information.
Produced at La Abejilla Farm entirely of the Venecia variety of Arabica, and processed by the honey method, in which some sweet pulp or fruit flesh (“honey”) is allowed to adhere to the beans during drying. Desolate Cafe is a specialty roaster in Nantou, Taiwan. The shop offers coffee, homemade desserts, and other foods. For more information, visit www.desolatecoffee.com.
A blend of three coffees: a natural-processed Ethiopia and two washed-process, a Guatemala and a Honduras, roasted for espresso. Desolate Cafe is a specialty roaster in Nantou, Taiwan. The shop offers coffee, homemade desserts, and other foods. For more information, visit www.desolatecoffee.com.
A blend of coffees from Colombia, Brazil, and Kenya. Café Chiayi J11 is a small specialty roaster and coffee shop in Chia-yi, Taiwan. Visit https://www.facebook.com/ChiaYiJ11/ for more information. 
Produced by Elizabeth Salazar from trees of the Caturra and Catuai varieties of Arabica, and processed by the black honey method, in which the skins are removed from the fruit but virtually all of the fruit flesh or mucilage is allowed to dry on the beans. King’s Gambit is a specialty coffee roaster based in Belvedere, New Jersey. Visit www.kingsgambitcoffee.com for more information.
A blend of coffees from the Hula Daddy farm, a boutique coffee producer and roaster with farms at the 1,400- and 2,500-foot levels of the Mount Hualalai volcano near the northern end of the Kona growing district, five minutes above the town of Kailua-Kona. The coffees in this blend were produced at the higher elevation Hula Daddy farm. Available only by phone at 808-327-9744 or by email at [email protected]
This exceptional coffee was selected as the No. 1 coffee on Coffee Review’s list of the Top 30 Coffees of 2021. Produced by the Garrido family of Mama Cata farm entirely of the very rare Mokkita variety of Arabica, and processed by a particularly meticulous version of the dried-in-the-fruit natural method. Paradise Roasters specializes in micro-lot Arabica and Robusta coffees from Asia and other emerging origins. Paradise prides itself on quality and freshness, craft-roasting coffees in small batches only after orders are placed. Visit www.paradiseroasters.com or call 763-433-0626 for more information.
This exceptional coffee was selected as the No. 11 coffee on Coffee Review’s list of the Top 30 Coffees of 2021. Produced by Tamiru Tadesse of Alo Coffee. Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one are largely produced from distinctive indigenous Ethiopian landrace varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. Processed by the natural anaerobic method in which the coffee cherries are fermented in the whole fruit with limited access to oxygen before they are dried. Genesis Coffee Lab specializes in developing relationships with and importing coffees from specialty coffee producers in Ethiopia. Visit www.genesiscoffeelab.com for more information.
Coffee from trees of the botanical variety Geisha (also Gesha) grown on Price Peterson’s Hacienda La Esmeralda in Panama first introduced this extraordinary variety of Arabica to the world. This is a wet-processed or “washed” version, meaning the fruit skin and pulp were removed from the beans immediately after harvesting but before drying. Founded in 2013, modcup coffee focuses on fresh roasting and distinctive natural-processed coffees. Visit modcup.com for more information.
Produced in Ka’u from trees of the big-beaned Maragogipe (also spelled Maragogype), Pacamara and Maracaturra varieties of Arabica and processed by the natural method (dried in the whole fruit). Big Island Coffee is an award-winning coffee roaster operated with hands-on passion by Kelleigh Stewart and Brandon von Damitz. Visit www.bigislandcoffeeroasters.com for more information.
Produced By Alejo Khale Castroat of Volcan Azul entirely from trees of the San Isidro (Sarchimor) variety of Arabica, and processed by the red honey method, in which the skins are removed from the fruit but the fruit flesh is allowed to dry on the beans. Roasted at PT’s Coffee, where the motto is “without the love, it’s just coffee.” Visit www.ptscoffee.com or call 888-678-JAVA for more information.
Produced by smallholding farmers around the Demeka Becha washing station from trees of heirloom varieties of Arabica, and processed by the washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). Established in 2010, Red Rooster is an organic-certified micro-roaster focusing on socially conscious, high-quality coffee. Visit redroostercoffee.com or call 540-745-7338 for more information.
A blend of washed and natural-processed coffees from Colombia, Guatemala, Costa Rica and Ethiopia. Established in 2010, Red Rooster is an organic-certified micro-roaster focusing on socially conscious, high-quality coffee. Visit redroostercoffee.com or call 540-745-7338 for more information.
Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one are largely produced from distinctive indigenous Ethiopia landrace varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. Processed by the washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). Kakalove Cafe is a nano-roaster located in the small city of Chia-Yi in Taiwan that strives to procure and roast the finest quality coffee. Visit www.kakalovecafe.com.tw or email [email protected] for more information.
Produced by Josel Luttrell of Abu Coffee Plantations entirely of the Geisha variety of Arabica, and processed by the natural method (dried in the whole fruit). Willoughby’s Coffee & Tea is a pioneer specialty coffee roaster established in the early 1980s that has gracefully and successfully moved with the times and now offers a menu of extremely refined small-lot, single-origin coffees. Visit www.willoughbyscoffee.com or call 800-388-8400 for more information.
Produced at Finca Mi Finquita, Panama, entirely of the Geisha variety of Arabica, and processed by the natural method (dried in the whole fruit). Kakalove Cafe is a nano-roaster located in the small city of Chia-Yi in Taiwan that strives to procure and roast the finest quality coffee. Visit www.kakalovecafe.com.tw or email [email protected] for more information.
El Burro Estate is an award-winning coffee farm owned by the Lamastus family in Panama’s famous Boquete growing region. With its bold, boat-shaped beans and distinctive floral and crisply cacao-toned cup, the Gesha (also Geisha) variety of Arabica continues to produce some of the world’s most unique coffees. This is a natural-processed version (dried in the whole fruit). Kakalove Cafe is a nano-roaster located in the small city of Chia-Yi in Taiwan that strives to procure and roast the finest quality coffee. Visit www.kakalovecafe.com.tw or email [email protected] for more information.
Produced at La Viuda Farm entirely of the Geisha variety of Arabica, and processed by the natural method (dried in the whole fruit). Kakalove Cafe is a nano-roaster located in the small city of Chia-Yi in Taiwan that strives to procure and roast the finest quality coffee.  Visit www.kakalovecafe.com.tw or email [email protected] for more information.
Produced by Kalsada Coffee, from trees of the Typica and Bourbon varieties of Arabica, and processed by the anaerobic washed method (fermentation occurs in a hermetically sealed vessel). Paradise Roasters specializes in micro-lot Arabica and Robusta coffees from Asia and other emerging origins. Paradise prides itself on quality and freshness, craft-roasting coffees in small batches only after orders are placed. Visit www.paradiseroasters.com or call 763-433-0626 for more information.
Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one are produced from traditional Ethiopian varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. Processed by the natural method (dried in the whole fruit). Jaunt Coffee Roasters is a San Diego-based roaster and café with an extensive coffee and food menu. Visit www.jauntcoffee.com for more information.
Produced by Lee and Karen Paterson of Hula Daddy. A combination of washed and natural-processed coffees. Hula Daddy is a boutique coffee producer with farms at the 1,400- and 2,500-foot levels of the Mount Hualalai volcano near the northern end of the Kona growing district, five minutes above the town of Kailua-Kona. Visit www.huladaddy.com or call 888-553-2339 for more information.
Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one are produced from distinctive traditional Ethiopian landrace varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. This lot was processed by the natural method (dried in the whole fruit). Certified USDA Organic. Mr. Espresso is a San Francisco Bay Area wholesale roaster and espresso parts distributor that slow-roasts its coffees using traditional wood-fired roasting machines. Visit www.mrespresso.com or call 510-287-5200 for more information.
Coffees from the Sidama region like this one are produced from distinctive, largely indigenous Ethiopian landrace varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. Processed by the natural method (dried in the whole fruit). Founded in 1994, Coffee By Design is a specialty coffee roaster in Portland, Maine that also operates three coffee shops in town, as well as one in Freeport. Visit www.coffeebydesign.com.
Guji is a coffee-growing region nestled next to Ethiopia's longer-known Yirgacheffe and Sidamo regions. Processed by the wet or washed method (fruit skin and pulp are removed before drying). Old Soul is a roastery, bakery and crafter of artisanal goods dedicated to quality in every form. Visit www.oldsoulco.com or call 916-443-7685 for more information.
Produced by smallholding members of CODECH (Coordinadora de Organizaciones de Desarrollo Concepción Huista), founded to promote socio-economic development for the local community. Mr. Espresso is a San Francisco Bay Area wholesale roaster and espresso parts distributor that slow-roasts its coffees using traditional wood-fired roasting machines. Visit www.mrespresso.com or call 510-287-5200 for more information.
Produced by smallholding farmers entirely of the Arume variety of Arabica and processed by the “Tetsu” method, otherwise known as “double anaerobic honey,” in which the fermentation step occurs in a limited-oxygen environment with some of the fruit flesh left on the beans. Mute Roaster is a specialty coffee roaster based in Macao, China. Visit https://www.facebook.com/muteroaster for more information.
Produced at Finca Santa Augusta (a registered bird sanctuary) entirely of the Anacafe 14 variety of Arabica, and processed by the washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). Certified USDA Organic. El Gran Cafe is a coffee shop located in the heart of Antigua, Guatemala whose mission is to roast and serve organic-certified coffees produced at its own Finca La Esperanza and Finca El Pintado just outside of town. Featured in El Gran Cafe’s lineup are also coffees from friends and neighbors in the region, along with award-winning and exceptional coffees from other regions of Guatemala. Visit https://elgran.cafe/ for more information.
Produced by Alejandro Solís of Finca Huixoc entirely of the Maracaturra variety of Arabica, and processed by the washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). El Gran Cafe is a coffee shop located in the heart of Antigua, Guatemala whose mission is to roast and serve organic-certified coffees produced at its own Finca La Esperanza and Finca El Pintado just outside of town. Featured in El Gran Cafe’s lineup are also coffees from friends and neighbors in the region, along with award-winning and exceptional coffees from other regions of Guatemala. Visit https://elgran.cafe/ for more information.
Produced by Luis Wicho Valdes entirely of the Caturra variety of Arabica and processed by the washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). El Gran Cafe is a coffee shop located in the heart of Antigua, Guatemala whose mission is toroast and serve organic-certified coffees produced at its own Finca La Esperanza and Finca El Pintado just outside of town. Featured in El Gran Cafe’s lineup are also coffees from friends and neighbors in the region, along with award-winning and exceptional coffees from other regions of Guatemala. Visit https://elgran.cafe/ for more information.
Despite challenges ranging from unclear government coffee policy and urban encroachment on prime coffee lands to chronically unstable weather, the famed Kenya coffee auction system and its participating cooperatives continue to produce some of the world’s most elegant and distinctive coffees. Luv Moshi is a Taiwan-based specialty coffee roaster. Visit https://www.facebook.com/luvMoshi for more information.
Produced at Beneficio La Esperanza from trees of the Bourbon, Caturra and Caturai varieties of Arabica and processed by the washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). Proyecto Aurora is a special project of the employees of Beneficio La Esperanza on the parcels they own in Ciudad Vieja and Alotenango. Coffee is picked only on Sunday, as this is the only day of the week they aren’t picking coffee on other parcels. El Gran Cafe is a coffee shop located in the heart of Antigua, Guatemala whose mission is to roast and serve organic-certified coffees produced at its own Finca La Esperanza and Finca El Pintado just outside of town. Featured in El Gran Cafe’s lineup are also coffees from friends and neighbors in the region, along with award-winning and exceptional coffees from other regions of Guatemala. Visit https://elgran.cafe/ for more information.
Produced by Higinio Gómez entirely of the Yellow Caturra variety of Arabica, and processed by the washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). El Gran Cafe is a coffee shop located in the heart of Antigua, Guatemala whose mission is to roast and serve organic-certified coffees produced at its own Finca La Esperanza and Finca El Pintado just outside of town. Featured in El Gran Cafe’s lineup are also coffees from friends and neighbors in the region, along with award-winning and exceptional coffees from other regions of Guatemala. Visit https://elgran.cafe/ for more information.
Produced at Finca El Pintado from trees of the Bourbon and Geisha varieties of Arabica, and processed by the washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). Certified USDA organic. El Gran Cafe is a coffee shop located in the heart of Antigua, Guatemala whose mission is to roast and serve organic-certified coffees produced at its own Finca La Esperanza and Finca El Pintado just outside of town. Featured in El Gran Cafe’s lineup are also coffees from friends and neighbors in the region, along with award-winning and exceptional coffees from other regions of Guatemala. Visit https://elgran.cafe/ for more information.
Produced at Beneficio La Esperanza from trees of the Bourbon, Caturra and Caturai varieties of Arabica, and processed by the washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). El Gran Cafe is a coffee shop located in the heart of Antigua, Guatemala whose mission is to roast and serve organic-certified coffees produced at its own Finca La Esperanza and Finca El Pintado just outside of town. Featured in El Gran Cafe’s lineup are also coffees from friends and neighbors in the region, along with award-winning and exceptional coffees from other regions of Guatemala. Visit https://elgran.cafe/ for more information.
Produced by Josué Morales of Finca La Esperanza entirely of the Villa Sarchi variety of Arabica, and processed by the washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). Certified USDA Organic. El Gran Cafe is a coffee shop located in the heart of Antigua, Guatemala whose mission is to roast and serve organic-certified coffees produced at its own Finca La Esperanza and Finca El Pintado just outside of town. Featured in El Gran Cafe’s lineup are also coffees from friends and neighbors in the region, along with award-winning and exceptional coffees from other regions of Guatemala. Visit https://elgran.cafe/ for more information.
Produced at Beneficio La Esperanza, from trees of the Bourbon variety of Arabica, and processed by the washed method. El Gran Cafe is a coffee shop located in the heart of Antigua, Guatemala whose mission is to roast and serve organic-certified coffees produced at its own Finca La Esperanza and Finca El Pintado just outside of town. Featured in El Gran Cafe’s lineup are also coffees from friends and neighbors in the region, along with award-winning and exceptional coffees from other regions of Guatemala. Visit https://elgran.cafe/ for more information.
Produced by Beneficio La Esperanza at Finca San Carlos from trees of the Bourbon and Catuai varieties of Arabica, and processed by the washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). El Gran Cafe is a coffee shop located in the heart of Antigua, Guatemala whose mission is to roast and serve organic-certified coffees produced at its own Finca La Esperanza and Finca El Pintado just outside of town. Featured in El Gran Cafe’s lineup are also coffees from friends and neighbors in the region, along with award-winning and exceptional coffees from other regions of Guatemala. Visit https://elgran.cafe/ for more information.
Produced at Beneficio La Esperanza, from trees of the Bourbon, Caturra and Catuaí varieties of Arabica, and processed by the washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). El Gran Cafe is a coffee shop located in the heart of Antigua, Guatemala whose mission is to roast and serve organic-certified coffees produced at its own Finca La Esperanza and Finca El Pintado just outside of town. Featured in El Gran Cafe’s lineup are also coffees from friends and neighbors in the region, along with award-winning and exceptional coffees from other regions of Guatemala. Visit https://elgran.cafe for more information.
Geisha (also Gesha) continues to be one of the world’s most celebrated and sought-after coffee varieties, and Hacienda La Esmeralda Geishas like this one remain among the most authentic. This version is from the same lot that took eighth place in the 2021 Best of Panama Washed Geisha competition. It was processed by the wet method with the ferment conducted under anaerobic (reduced oxygen) conditions with a special yeast innoculation. Difference Coffee aims to present only the finest of the world’s coffees as determined by green coffee competitions and other measures of distinction. For more information visit www.differencecoffee.com.
Produced from indigenous Ethiopian landrace tree varieties long grown in the region and processed by the washed method (fruit skin and pulp are removed before drying). Collage Coffee works with local artists to promote fine arts in its region and values serving its community. This coffee is available for purchase at the Collage store and cafe, 221 South Broad Street, Grove City, Pennsylvania.
Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one are largely produced from distinctive traditional Ethiopian landrace varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. Processed by the wet or washed method (fruit skin and pulp are removed before drying). Available at any States Coffee café location in the San Francisco East Bay area. States Coffee, established in 2015, is a small-batch roastery and bakery that offers coffee, bread and baked goods. For more information on locations and hours visit www.statescoffee.com.
Despite challenges ranging from unclear government coffee policy and urban encroachment on prime coffee lands to chronically unstable weather, the famed Kenya coffee auction system and its participating cooperatives continue to produce some of the world’s most elegant and distinctive coffees. Available at any States Coffee café location in the San Francisco East Bay area. States Coffee, established in 2015, is a small-batch roastery and bakery that offers coffee, bread and baked goods. For more information on locations and hours visit www.statescoffee.com.
Produced by Ato Esmael and his friends and family at their estate farm in the Guji Zone of southern Ethiopia. Certified organic and produced from distinctive, largely indigenous landrace varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. Processed by the dry or “natural” method, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit rather than after the fruit has been removed, as is the case with wet-processed or “washed” coffees. Available at any States Coffee café location in the San Francisco East Bay area. States Coffee, established in 2015, is a small-batch roastery and bakery that offers coffee, bread and baked goods. For more information on locations and hours visit www.statescoffee.com.
Produced from trees of the rare Ethiopia-derived botanical variety Gesha (also Geisha) by Adam and Rachel Overton. Although the Gesha variety originated in Ethiopia, it was “discovered” by the coffee world in 2004 growing in Boquete, Panama, and Panama continues to dominate the expanding world of Gesha. This particular version, however, is the outcome of efforts to commercialize Gesha in the region from which it originally came.  Processed by the natural method (dried in the whole fruit). VERYTIME is a specialty nano-roaster based in Taoyuan, Taiwan. Visit facebook.com/verytime7 for more information.
Produced by smallholding farmers from trees of the 74110 and 74112 varieties of Arabica, and processed by the washed method. In addition to his retail roasting operation, Aroma Roast Coffees, Simon Hsieh also operates Soaring Phoenix Trading, a business focused on purpose-built commercial espresso blends and high-quality single-origin coffees. Customers can also visit the new showroom, Chateau Andy, in Taipei City. Visit www.facebook.com/4ArtsZeroDefectCoffees or call 886-0983-749876 for more information.
Produced by smallholding farmers, entirely of the Typica variety of Arabica, and processed by the washed method using species of lactic acid producing yeast and bacteria during the fermentation step. Paradise Roasters specializes in micro-lot Arabica and Robusta coffees from Asia and other emerging origins. Paradise prides itself on quality and freshness, craft-roasting coffees in small batches only after orders are placed. Visit www.paradiseroasters.com or call 763-433-0626 for more information.
Produced by smallholding members of the Barichu Farmers Cooperative Society from trees of the SL28 and SL34 varieties of Arabica, and processed by the washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). JBC Coffee Roasters’ vision is simple: “let the coffee lead the way” through sourcing and roasting the best and most unique coffees available and rewarding the farmers who grow those coffees with substantial premiums. Visit www.jbccoffeeroasters.com or call 608-256-5282 for more information.
Produced by smallholding farmers from near the Banko Gotiti Washing Station from trees of indigenous landrace varieties of Arabica long grown in the region, and processed by the washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). Old World Coffee Lab is a specialty coffee roaster with cafes in Reno and Carson City, Nevada. Visit www.oldworldcoffee.co for more information.
Produced by Leo Norberte of JN Coffee Farm, entirely of the Red Bourbon variety of Arabica, and processed by a proprietary method, called “champagne natural,” in which a wine yeast strain is added to the fermentation process. Paradise Roasters specializes in micro-lot Arabica and Robusta coffees from Asia and other emerging origins. Paradise prides itself on quality and freshness, craft-roasting coffees in small batches only after orders are placed. Visit www.paradiseroasters.com or call 763-433-0626 for more information.
Produced by Bedhatu Jibicho from trees of indigenous landrace varieties of Arabica long grown in the region, and processed by the natural method (dried in the whole fruit). Old World Coffee Lab is a specialty coffee roaster with cafes in Reno and Carson City, Nevada. Visit www.oldworldcoffee.co for more information.
Produced by Bedhatu Jibicho from trees of indigenous landrace varieties of Arabica long grown in the region, and processed by the washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). Old World Coffee Lab is a specialty coffee roaster with cafes in Reno and Carson City, Nevada. Visit www.oldworldcoffee.co for more information.
Produced by smallholding farmers from trees of the Caturra, Castillo and Colombia varieties of Arabica, and processed by the washed method. Old World Coffee Lab is a specialty coffee roaster with cafes in Reno and Carson City, Nevada. Visit www.oldworldcoffee.co for more information.
An espresso blend comprised of a wet-processed Guatemala and a natural-processed Ethiopia. Based in Kaohsiung, Taiwan, LECO Coffee, roasts a wide range of coffees while adhering to the core principles of quality, professionalism and sustainable management. Visit https://www.facebook.com/Lecocoffee for more information.
Produced from the Bourbon and Caturra varieties of Arabica and processed by the honey method, in which some fruit flesh is left on the beans while they dry. Based in Kaohsiung, Taiwan, LECO Coffee, founded in 1997, roasts a wide range of coffees while adhering to the core principles of quality, professionalism and sustainable management. Visit https://www.facebook.com/Lecocoffee for more information.
Produced by the Herrera brothers of Granja La Esperanza at Cerro Azul Farm, entirely of the celebrated Gesha (also spelled Geisha) variety of Arabica and processed by the washed method. JBC Coffee Roasters’ vision is simple: “let the coffee lead the way” through sourcing and roasting the best and most unique coffees available and rewarding the farmers who grow those coffees with substantial premiums. Visit www.jbccoffeeroasters.com or call 608-256-5282 for more information.
Produced by Jose David Garrido of Mama Cata Estate, entirely of the Geisha variety of Arabica, and processed by a proprietary method, called “champagne natural,” in which a wine yeast strain is added to the fermentation process. Paradise Roasters specializes in micro-lot Arabica and Robusta coffees from Asia and other emerging origins. Paradise prides itself on quality and freshness, craft-roasting coffees in small batches only after orders are placed. Visit www.paradiseroasters.com or call 763-433-0626 for more information.
Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one are largely produced from traditional Ethiopian landrace varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. Processed by the washed method. Paradise Roasters specializes in micro-lot Arabica and Robusta coffees from Asia and other emerging origins. Paradise prides itself on quality and freshness, craft-roasting coffees in small batches only after orders are placed. Visit www.paradiseroasters.com or call 763-433-0626 for more information.
Produced by smallholding farmers, from trees of heirloom varieties of Arabica, and processed by the natural method (dried in the whole fruit). JBC Coffee Roasters’ vision is simple: “let the coffee lead the way” through sourcing and roasting the best and most unique coffees available and rewarding the farmers who grow those coffees with substantial premiums. Visit www.jbccoffeeroasters.com or call 608-256-5282 for more information.
Produced by Juan Diego of Finca El Socorro entirely of the big-beaned Maracaturra variety of Arabica, and processed by the washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). Bird Rock Coffee Roasters is a retailer and wholesaler focused on organic and socially responsible coffees; it was awarded the “2012 Micro-Roaster of the Year” title by Roast Magazine. Visit www.birdrockcoffee.com or call 858-551-1707 for more information.
Produced entirely of the celebrated Geisha (also spelled “Gesha”) variety of Arabica and processed by the washed method. Jaunt Coffee Roasters is a San Diego-based roaster and café with an extensive coffee and food menu. Visit www.jauntcoffee.com for more information.
Produced by Don Luis Campos of Cordillera de Fuego from trees of the Caturra and Catuaí varieties of Arabica, and processed by the “thermic” method, in which beans, with skins removed, are heated with some of the fruit flesh or mucilage still adhering to them. The exposure to heat starts to break down the natural sugars of the mucilage, partially caramelizing it.  Revel Coffee is a micro-roaster located in Billings, Montana. Its motto: “Quality is paramount – a difference you can revel in.” Visit www.revelcoffee.com or call 406-534-9621 for more information.
Despite grower discontent, unclear government coffee policy and urban encroachment on prime coffee lands, the famed Kenya coffee auction system and its participating cooperatives continue to produce some of the world's most elegant and distinctive coffees.  Evie’s Café, based in Chia-Yi Taiwan, specializes in fine roasted coffees as well as pour-overs and cold brews. Visit https://m.facebook.com/eviescafe88/ for more information.
Produced by smallholding farmers and processed by the natural method. RamsHead Coffee Roasters is a family-owned company founded by Bozeman, Montana, natives Caleb and Laura Walker that specializes in direct trade microlot coffees. For more information, visit www.ramsheadcoffee.com.
Produced by smallholding members of the Thirikwa Cooperative Society and traditionally wet-processed at the Gakuyuini Factory from trees of the SL28, SL34 and Ruiru 11 varieties of Arabica. RamsHead Coffee Roasters is a family-owned company founded by Bozeman, Montana, natives Caleb and Laura Walker that specializes in direct trade microlot coffees. For more information, visit www.ramsheadcoffee.com.
Produced by smallholding farmers, entirely of the Pink Bourbon variety of Arabica, and processed by the anaerobic natural method (fermented in the whole fruit in a hermetically sealed vessel) at Manos Juntas Micromill. Conscious Cup Coffee Roasters is an independent and family-owned and -operated cafe and coffee roaster specializing in socially and environmentally sustainable coffees. Visit www.consciouscup.com or call 815-356-0115 for more information.
Guji is a coffee-growing region nestled next to Ethiopia's Yirgacheffe and Sidamo regions. This lot is processed by the wet or washed method (fruit skin and pulp are removed before drying). Conscious Cup Coffee Roasters is an independent and family-owned and -operated cafe and coffee roaster specializing in socially and environmentally sustainable coffees. Visit www.consciouscup.com or call 815-356-0115 for more information.
Produced by smallholding farmers, entirely of the Kudume variety of Arabica, and processed by the honey method, in which the skins are removed from the fruit but some fruit flesh is allowed to dry on the beans. GK Coffee is a nano-roastery in Yilan, Taiwan that offers both retail and wholesale coffee. For more information, visit www.gkcoffee.com.tw or email [email protected]
A blend of Ethiopian heirloom varieties of Arabica, planted in Panama by the Peterson family of Hacienda Esmeralda and processed by the washed method. Founded in 2013, modcup coffee focuses on fresh roasting and distinctive natural-processed coffees. Visit modcup.com for more information.
Produced by Israel Defga entirely of the Geisha variety of Arabica, and processed by the natural method (beans are dried in the whole fruit). Corvus particularly focuses on processing methods and selective harvesting, which results in small, seasonal micro-lots of uniquely sweet, vibrant, and clean flavor profiles. For more information, visit www.corvuscoffee.com.
Produced by Faysel Abdosh from distinctive traditional Ethiopian landrace varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. This lot was processed by the anaerobic natural method, in which fermentation of the whole fruit occurs in a hermetically sealed vessel. Founded in 2013, modcup coffee focuses on fresh roasting and distinctive natural-processed coffees. Visit modcup.com for more information.
A blend of two Ethiopia coffees, one natural-processed and one processed by carbonic maceration, both produced by Israel Defga. Corvus particularly focuses on processing methods and selective harvesting, which results in small, seasonal micro-lots of uniquely sweet, vibrant, and clean flavor profiles. For more information, visit www.corvuscoffee.com.
A blend of coffees from Ethiopia, Guatemala and Brazil. The Taiwanese pronunciation of DOHO (tú-hó) means “pure serendipity.” Doho Coffee Roasters has two stores and is dedicated to promoting coffee culture through the high quality of its products. Visit https://www.facebook.com/DOHOCAFE or call +886-49-2318777 for more information.
Folklore Coffee is a specialty roaster and bakeshop in the rural Montana town of Conrad. Produced by Don Luis Campos of Cordillera de Fuego from trees of the Caturra and Catuaí varieties of Arabica, and processed by the “thermic” method, in which beans, with skins removed, are heated with some of the fruit flesh or mucilage still adhering to them. The exposure to heat starts to break down the natural sugars of the mucilage, partially caramelizing it.  Visit www.folklorecoffeemt.com for more information.
A blend of coffees from Costa Rica and Ethiopia roasted for espresso applications. Warm Air Kafe is a small roastery and coffee shop in Taoyuan City, Taiwan. Visit https://www.facebook.com/warmair2021 for more information.
A blend of coffees from Brazil, Costa Rica, Guatemala and Ethiopia roasted for espresso applications. Warm Air Kafe is a small roastery and coffee shop in Taoyuan City, Taiwan. Visit https://www.facebook.com/warmair2021 for more information.
A blend of coffees from Ethiopia, Colombia and Honduras roasted for espresso applications. Warm Air Kafe is a small roastery and coffee shop in Taoyuan City, Taiwan. Visit https://www.facebook.com/warmair2021 for more information.
Guji is a coffee-growing region nestled next to Ethiopia's Yirgacheffe and Sidamo regions. This lot is processed by the wet or washed method (fruit skin and pulp are removed before drying). GK Coffee is a nano-roastery in Yilan, Taiwan that offers both retail and wholesale coffee. For more information, visit www.gkcoffee.com.tw or email [email protected]
Kona Coffee Love Co. offers roasted coffees grown at Boranian Farms. Though not certified organic, Boranian actively cultivates its crops with regenerative agriculture methods like cover-cropping, growing nitrogen-fixing trees to coppice and mulch, making and implementing Korean natural farming solutions, using permaculture energy solutions, cooking compost, etc. Visit www.konalovecoffee.com for more information.
A blend of coffees from Colombia, Guatemala, Brazil and Ethiopia roasted for espresso. Flower Coffee Workshop is a nano-roastery and coffee shop in Taichung, Taiwan. Visit https://www.facebook.com/flowercoffee20180526/ for more information.
A blend of coffees from Colombia, Guatemala, Brazil and Ethiopia roasted for espresso. Flower Coffee Workshop is a nano-roastery and coffee shop in Taichung, Taiwan. Visit https://www.facebook.com/flowercoffee20180526/ for more information.
Produced by the Bayter Brothers of El Vergel Estate entirely of the Geisha variety of Arabica, and processed by the natural method (dried in the whole fruit). Cafe Kreyol is a roaster in Manassas, Virginia with the mission of creating sustainable employment by way of specialty coffee. Visit www.cafekreyol.com or call 571-719-7018 for more information.
Produced by Maria Pacas and processed by the natural method (dried in the whole fruit). Cafe Kreyol is a roaster in Manassas, Virginia with the mission of creating sustainable employment by way of specialty coffee. Visit www.cafekreyol.com or call 571-719-7018 for more information.
Produced entirely of the Blue Mountain and Typica varieties of Arabica and processed by the washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). Certified organically grown. Cafe Kreyol is a roaster in Manassas, Virginia with the mission of creating sustainable employment by way of specialty coffee. Visit www.cafekreyol.com or call 571-719-7018 for more information.
Produced by the Bayter Brothers of El Vergel Estate entirely of the Caturra variety of Arabica, and processed by the anaerobic natural method (fermented in the whole fruit in a hermetically sealed vessel). Cafe Kreyol is a roaster in Manassas, Virginia with the mission of creating sustainable employment by way of specialty coffee. Visit www.cafekreyol.com or call 571-719-7018 for more information.
The Cocaine For Coffee Project was founded in 2012 in Colombia to help farmers transition from the dangerous business of growing coca to growing coffee. The program has now expanded to Bolivia, where this coffee was produced. Cafe Kreyol is a roaster in Manassas, Virginia with the mission of creating sustainable employment by way of specialty coffee. Visit www.cafekreyol.com or call 571-719-7018 for more information.
Comprised of three coffees: an Ethiopia natural (dried in the whole fruit), a traditional double-washed Kenya and a very unusual coffee, a Colombia fermented in a specially prepared culture of yeasts, sugars and passionfruit. Roaster Yu Chih Hao is co-founder of Fumi Coffee, a roaster in Hsinchu, Taiwan specializing in specialty coffee and homemade desserts. Visit https://m.facebook.com/fumicafe035586631/ for more information.
Produced by smallholding farmers from trees of the Bourbon, Caturra and Catuaí varieties of Arabica and processed by the natural method (beans are dried in the whole fruit). JBC Coffee Roasters’ vision is simple: “let the coffee lead the way” through sourcing and roasting the best and most unique coffees available and rewarding the farmers who grow those coffees with substantial premiums. Visit www.jbccoffeeroasters.com or call 608-256-5282 for more information.
Produced by smallholding farmers from trees of the Arusha, Mundo Novo and Typica varieties of Arabica and processed by the washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). JBC Coffee Roasters’ vision is simple: “let the coffee lead the way” through sourcing and roasting the best and most unique coffees available and rewarding the farmers who grow those coffees with substantial premiums. Visit www.jbccoffeeroasters.com or call 608-256-5282 for more information.
Produced by Tamiru Tadesse entirely of the 74165 variety of Arabica, and processed by the natural method (dried in the whole fruit). Kakalove Cafe is a nano-roaster located in the small city of Chia-Yi in Taiwan that strives to procure and roast the finest quality coffee. Visit www.kakalovecafe.com.tw or email [email protected] for more information.
Certified USDA Organic. Produced in the Bugisu Region of Uganda near Mt. Elgon and processed by the washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). Jackrabbit Java selects the finest coffees from around the world and roasts them in Thermopolis, Wyoming’s mountain air. All Jackrabbit Java coffees are specialty-grade and roasted to order. Visit www.jackrabbitjava.com for more information.
Certified Fair Trade and USDA Organic. Produced by Bedhatu Jibicho mainly from trees of indigenous landrace varieties of Arabica long grown in the region, and processed by the natural method (dried in the whole fruit). JBC Coffee Roasters’ vision is simple: “let the coffee lead the way” through sourcing and roasting the best and most unique coffees available and rewarding the farmers who grow those coffees with substantial premiums. Visit www.jbccoffeeroasters.com or call 608-256-5282 for more information.
Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one are largely produced from distinctive indigenous Ethiopia landrace varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. Processed by the natural method (dried in the whole fruit). Kakalove Cafe is a nano-roaster located in the small city of Chia-Yi in Taiwan that strives to procure and roast the finest quality coffee. Visit www.kakalovecafe.com.tw or email [email protected] for more information.
Produced by Francisca and Oscar Chacon of Finca Las Lajas entirely of the SL28 variety of Arabica, and processed by the proprietary “black diamond” method, essentially a honey process with elongated drying time. JBC Coffee Roasters’ vision is simple: “let the coffee lead the way” through sourcing and roasting the best and most unique coffees available and rewarding the farmers who grow those coffees with substantial premiums. Visit www.jbccoffeeroasters.com or call 608-256-5282 for more information.
Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one are largely produced from distinctive landrace Ethiopian varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. This is a wet-processed or “washed” version, meaning the fruit skin and pulp were removed from the beans immediately after harvesting and before drying. JBC Coffee Roasters’ vision is simple: “let the coffee lead the way” through sourcing and roasting the best and most unique coffees available and rewarding the farmers who grow those coffees with substantial premiums. Visit www.jbccoffeeroasters.com or call 608-256-5282 for more information.
Produced by smallholding farmers and processed at the Ka’u Coffee Mill by the washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). Jackrabbit Java selects the finest coffees from around the world and roasts them in Thermopolis, Wyoming’s mountain air. All Jackrabbit Java coffees are specialty-grade and roasted to order. Visit www.jackrabbitjava.com for more information.
Produced from trees of the rare Ethiopia-derived botanical variety Gesha (also Geisha) by Adam and Rachel Overton. With its generally elongated beans and distinctive floral and crisp, often chocolaty cup, the Gesha variety continues to distinguish itself as one of the world’s most unique coffees. Although the Gesha variety originated in Ethiopia, it was “discovered” by the coffee world in 2004 growing in Boquete, Panama, and Panama continues to dominate the expanding world of Gesha. This particular version, however, is the outcome of efforts to commercialize Gesha in the region from which it originally came. It is processed by the natural method (dried in the whole fruit). Taster’s Coffee is a nano-roaster based in new Taipei City, Taiwan. Visit www.tasterscoffee.com for more information.
Produced by smallholding farmers, from trees of the Sigarar Utang and Typica varieties of Arabica, and processed by the Indonesia washed and wet-hulled method. Paradise Roasters specializes in micro-lot Arabica and Robusta coffees from Asia and other emerging origins. Paradise prides itself on quality and freshness, craft-roasting coffees in small batches only after orders are placed. Visit www.paradiseroasters.com or call 763-433-0626 for more information.
A blend comprised of coffees from Ethiopia, Rwanda and Panama. Luv Moshi is a Taiwan-based specialty coffee roaster. Visit https://www.facebook.com/luvMoshi for more information.
This Costa Rica was processed by a refined variation on the honey method (coffee fruit is pulped or skinned but dried in the fruit flesh). Home in Harmony coffees are created by HiH Lifestyle Co., a coffee roaster tailored to retail, wholesale and commercial coffee solutions. Visit www.hih2020.com or email [email protected]
Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one are produced from traditional Ethiopian varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. This version is natural-processed (dried in the whole fruit). Home in Harmony coffees are created by HiH Lifestyle Co., a coffee roaster tailored to retail, wholesale and commercial coffee solutions. Visit www.hih2020.com or email [email protected]
Produced by smallholding members of the Sidama Coffee Farmers Cooperative Union (SCFCU) from trees of the 74110 and 74112 varieties of Arabica, and processed by the washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). Cafe Red Bean Shop, based in New Taipei City, Taiwan, specializes in high-quality pour-over coffees brewed with a range of different devices. Visit shopee.tw/caferedbean for more information.
Produced by smallholding farmers of the Aromas del Sur group and processed by the natural method (dried in the whole fruit). Drink Coffee Do Stuff operates a roastery in Truckee, California and a coffee shop in nearby Incline Village, Nevada. Visit www.drinkcoffeedostuff.com for more information.
Produced by Don Luis Campos of Cordillera del Fuego and processed by the “thermic” method, in which beans, with skins removed, are heated with some of the fruit flesh or mucilage still adhering to them. The exposure to heat starts to break down the natural sugars of the mucilage, partially caramelizing them. Battlecreek Roasters, founded in 2019, is a Battle Creek, Michigan specialty coffee roaster that donates a portion of all sales to organizations that provide counseling to victims of human trafficking. For more information, visit www.battlecreek.coffee.
A blend of coffees from undisclosed African origins. Metropolis Coffee’s motto is “Great coffee for everyone.” The Chicago-based roaster specializes in affordable, high-quality single-origins and blends. Visit www.metropoliscoffee.com for more information.
A blend of coffees from Ethiopia, Kenya and Peru, roasted for espresso. HWC Roasters is a specialty coffee roaster based in Taichung, Taiwan. For more information, visit www.hwcroasters.com.
A blend of coffees from El Salvador, Guatemala and Nicaragua, roasted for espresso. HWC Roasters is a specialty coffee roaster based in Taichung, Taiwan. For more information, visit www.hwcroasters.com.
A pre-roast blend of two coffees, a wet-hulled Sumatra and a natural-processed Ethiopia. Old Soul is a roastery, bakery and crafter of artisanal goods dedicated to quality in every form. Visit www.oldsoulco.com or call 916-443-7685 for more information.
A post-roast blend of two washed-process coffees, one from Kenya and one from Colombia. St1 Cafe and Work Room, based in Tainan City, Taiwan, was founded by Stone Kuo in 2014 and offers customers top-quality coffee in a cafe environment conducive to remote work. Visit www.st1cafe.com for more information.
A blend of three washed-process coffees from El Salvador, Guatemala and Honduras respectively, roasted to medium dark. Kakalove Cafe is a nano-roaster located in the small city of Chia-Yi in Taiwan that strives to procure and roast the finest quality coffee. Visit www.kakalovecafe.com.tw or email [email protected] for more information. 
A blend comprised of two coffees, both washed-process: a Papua New Guinea and a Guatemala. Founded in August 2016, Charlotte Coffee Company donates 10 percent of proceeds from all retail sales to local non-profits dedicated to ending homelessness and hunger. Visit www.charlottecoffeeco.com for more information.
A harmonious blend of three coffees and three different processing methods: a natural Brazil, a washed Guatemala, and a wet-hulled Indonesia. Nostalgia Coffee Roasters was founded by Taylor Fields in 2018 as a mobile café; it has since added specialty roasting and online sales of select fine coffees. Visit www.nostalgiacoffeeroasters.com for more information.
A blend comprised of two coffees, a washed Colombia and natural Ethiopia. Succulent Coffee Roasters is a southern California specialty roaster and coffee shop founded in 2019. Visit www.succulentcoffeeroasters.com for more information.
Battlecreek Coffee Roasters has a mission of supporting the victims of human trafficking — a percentage of proceeds from coffee sales goes to local safe houses. For more information, visit www.battlecreek.coffee.
Crafted by Three Keys Coffee for the new Mo’ Better Brews vegan breakfast, coffee and vinyl shop. Comprised of two coffees, a natural-processed Ethiopia and a washed Colombia. Founded in 2019, Three Keys is a craft coffee roastery in Houston, Texas. The company name is inspired by the valves of the trumpet, which has been the instrument of choice for some of the most influential jazz musicians and composers. Three Keys says its coffees “speak a language that’s sophisticated yet accessible to everyone who’s willing to slow down and share a cup.” Visit www.threekeyscoffee.com for more information.
Originally designed for espresso but evaluated here for drip and other non-espresso applications, this blend is comprised of a natural-processed Ethiopia, a washed-process Honduras, and a natural-processed Brazil. Small Eyes Café is a small, family-owned coffee shop in Yilan, Taiwan, specializing in artisanally roasted specialty coffee and homemade desserts. Visit https://www.facebook.com/Smalleyescafe for more information.
Produced by smallholding farmers from trees of the SL28, Ruiru 11, Batian and Ruiru varieties of Arabica, and processed at the Karindudu Washing Station. JBC Coffee Roasters’ vision is simple: “let the coffee lead the way” through sourcing and roasting the best and most unique coffees available and rewarding the farmers who grow those coffees with substantial premiums. Visit www.jbccoffeeroasters.com or call 608-256-5282 for more information.
Kona Coffee Love Co. offers roasted coffees grown at Boranian Farms. Though not certified organic, Boranian actively cultivates its crops with regenerative agriculture methods like cover-cropping, growing nitrogen-fixing trees to coppice and mulch, making and implementing Korean natural farming solutions, using permaculture energy solutions, cooking compost, etc. Visit www.konalovecoffee.com for more information.
Produced by the Castillo family of Finca Buena Esperanza from trees of the Bourbon, Caturra and Catuaí varieties of Arabica, and processed by the washed method. Oak & Bond is a specialty retail and wholesale coffee roaster based in Charlotte, North Carolina. The company’s name combines “oak,” a reference to its first coffee, a barrel-aged release, and “bond,” referring to the founders’ happy marriage. For more information, visit www.oakandbondcoffee.com.
A blend of coffees from Guatemala and Ethiopia, both washed-process (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). Oak & Bond is a specialty retail and wholesale coffee roaster based in Charlotte, North Carolina. The company’s name combines “oak,” a reference to its first coffee, a barrel-aged release, and “bond,” referring to the founders’ happy marriage. For more information, visit www.oakandbondcoffee.com.
Produced by Norma Lara from trees of the Pacas and Catuai varieties of Arabica, and processed by the washed method. Founded in 2001, A&E Coffee & Tea is a specialty coffee roaster and cafe in Nashua, New Hampshire. Visit aeroastery.com for more information.
Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one are largely produced from distinctive indigenous Ethiopian varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. This is a dry-processed or “natural” version, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit rather than after the fruit has been removed, as is the case with wet-processed or “washed” coffees. Jaunt Coffee Roasters is a San Diego-based roaster and café with an extensive coffee and food menu. Visit www.jauntcoffee.com for more information.
Certified fair trade and USDA Organic. Produced by smallholding farmers from trees of the Typica, Catimor, Linies and Rasuna varieties of Arabica and processed by the traditional Sumatra washed and wet-hulled method. Founded in 2001, A&E Coffee & Tea is a specialty coffee roaster and cafe in Nashua, New Hampshire. Visit aeroastery.com for more information.
Certified fair trade and USDA Organic. Produced by smallholding members of the COMSA Cooperative and processed by the natural method (dried in the whole fruit). Founded in 2001, A&E Coffee & Tea is a specialty coffee roaster and cafe in Nashua, New Hampshire. Visit aeroastery.com for more information.
Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one are largely produced from distinctive indigenous Ethiopian varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. This is a dry-processed or “natural” version, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit rather than after the fruit has been removed, as is the case with washed coffees. JBC Coffee Roasters’ vision is simple: “let the coffee lead the way” through sourcing and roasting the best and most unique coffees available and rewarding the farmers who grow those coffees with substantial premiums. Visit www.jbccoffeeroasters.com or call 608-256-5282 for more information.
Rainforest Alliance-certified. Produced by the Herrera brothers of Granja La Esperanza at Cerro Azul Farm, entirely of the celebrated Geisha variety of Arabica and processed by the honey method (skins are removed but at least some of the sticky fruit flesh is allowed to dry on the beans). JBC Coffee Roasters’ vision is simple: “let the coffee lead the way” through sourcing and roasting the best and most unique coffees available and rewarding the farmers who grow those coffees with substantial premiums. Visit www.jbccoffeeroasters.com or call 608-256-5282 for more information.
Produced at the famous Panama producer Hacienda La Esmeralda and processed by the washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). Satur Specialty Coffee is a farm-to-cup roastery, coffee shop, and SCA training center. Visit www.satur.com.tw for more information.
Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one are largely produced from distinctive indigenous Ethiopian landrace varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. Processed by the natural method (dried in the whole fruit). Satur Specialty Coffee is a farm-to-cup roastery, coffee shop, and SCA training center. Visit www.satur.com.tw for more information.
Produced at El Durazno Farm (owned by Rabanales Estate) and processed by the washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). De Clieu Coffee is a Taiwan-based roaster whose mission it is to explore extraordinary coffees. For more information, visit www.facebook.com/declieucoffeetaipei.
Produced by Ayele Tulu entirely of the 74110 variety of Arabica, and processed by the washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). VERYTIME is a specialty nano-roaster based in Taoyuan, Taiwan. Visit facebook.com/verytime7 for more information.
Produced by Aricha Adorsi from trees of indigenous landrace varieties of Arabica long grown in the Yirgacheffe region, and processed by the anaerobic natural method (fermented in the whole fruit in a hermetically sealed vessel). VERYTIME is a specialty nano-roaster based in Taoyuan, Taiwan. Visit facebook.com/verytime7 for more information.
A blend of coffees from Ethiopia, Brazil, India, Indonesia and Guatemala, roasted for espresso. VERYTIME is a specialty nano-roaster based in Taoyuan, Taiwan. Visit facebook.com/verytime7 for more information.
Produced by smallholding farmers and processed by the Indonesia washed and wet-hulled method. Satur Specialty Coffee is a farm-to-cup roastery, coffee shop, and SCA training center. Visit www.satur.com.tw for more information.
Produced by smallholding farmers in the Wete Rural Village from trees of indigenous landrace varieties of Arabica long grown in the Yirgacheffe region, and processed by the natural method (dried in the whole fruit). VERYTIME is a specialty nano-roaster based in Taoyuan, Taiwan. Visit facebook.com/verytime7 for more information.
Produced entirely from trees of the Red Bourbon variety of Arabica and grown on Hula Daddy’s higher elevation farm; processed by the natural anaerobic method. This presentation of the coffee is named for co-owner Karen Paterson, whose middle name is Jue and whose favorite coffee is the Red Bourbon. Hula Daddy is a boutique coffee producer with farms at the 1,400 and 2,500-foot levels of the Mount Hualalai volcano near the northern end of the Kona growing district, five minutes above the town of Kailua-Kona. Visit www.huladaddy.com or call 888-553-2339 for more information.
Produced by Ever and Norelvia Diaz of Finca Mileydi, entirely of the Pacamara variety of Arabica, and processed by the semi-washed or honey method (skins are removed but at least some of the sticky fruit flesh is allowed to dry on the beans). The coffee won first place in the 2021 El Salvador Cup of Excellence. Established in 2010, Red Rooster is an organic-certified micro-roaster focusing on socially conscious, high-quality coffee. Visit redroostercoffee.com or call 540-745-7338 for more information.
Produced by Jorge Cruz Reyes and Laura Rubio entirely of the Red Bourbon variety of Arabica, and processed by the anaerobic natural method (fermented in the whole fruit in a hermetically sealed vessel). Established in 2010, Red Rooster is an organic-certified micro-roaster focusing on socially conscious, high-quality coffee. Visit redroostercoffee.com or call 540-745-7338 for more information.
Produced by smallholding farmers from trees of the Caturra, Typica, Castillo and Colombia varieties of Arabica and processed by the washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). Luv Moshi is a Taiwan-based specialty coffee roaster. Visit https://www.facebook.com/luvMoshi for more information.
Produced by Wilton Benitez entirely of the Tabi variety of Arabica, and processed by a proprietary double-anaerobic method (fruit is fermented with limited oxygen). JBC Coffee Roasters’ vision is simple: “let the coffee lead the way” through sourcing and roasting the best and most unique coffees available and rewarding the farmers who grow those coffees with substantial premiums. Visit www.jbccoffeeroasters.com or call 608-256-5282 for more information.
Produced by Ahmed Shabbir Husein al Obaraat from trees of traditional Yemeni varieties of Arabica, and processed by the natural method (dried in the whole fruit). JBC Coffee Roasters’ vision is simple: “let the coffee lead the way” through sourcing and roasting the best and most unique coffees available and rewarding the farmers who grow those coffees with substantial premiums. Visit www.jbccoffeeroasters.com or call 608-256-5282 for more information.
Produced by Sabino and Maria Jesus of Finca La Fuente from trees of the Red Catuaí, Caturra and Caturra Estrella varieties of Arabica, and processed by the washed method. Nostalgia Coffee Roasters was founded by Taylor Fields in 2018 as a mobile café; it has since added specialty roasting and online sales of select fine coffees. Visit www.nostalgiacoffeeroasters.com for more information.
A blend of coffees from South America, Central America and Africa, all wet-processed (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). Roasted for espresso. JBC Coffee Roasters’ vision is simple: “let the coffee lead the way” through sourcing and roasting the best and most unique coffees available and rewarding the farmers who grow those coffees with substantial premiums. Visit www.jbccoffeeroasters.com or call 608-256-5282 for more information.
A blend of two coffees, a washed Ethiopia and a natural-processed Ethiopia, roasted for espresso applications. Treeman Coffee is a Taiwan-based specialty coffee roaster. Visit www.treeman.tw for more information.
A blend of two coffees, a washed-process Costa Rica and a natural-process Ethiopia, roasted for espresso applications. Treeman Coffee is a Taiwan-based specialty coffee roaster. Visit www.treeman.tw for more information.
Produced by Alejandro Valiente of Finca Anarquia entirely of the big-beaned Pacamara variety of Arabica, and processed by the washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). Tipico Coffee is a café and specialty coffee roaster based in Buffalo, New York. Visit www.tipicocoffee.com for more information.
This sample consists entirely of peaberries, a kind of bean that results when the coffee fruit develops a single, oval bean rather than the usual pair of flat-sided beans. Peaberries produce a somewhat different cup than normal beans from the same crop, from which they may or may not be separated during grading. Tanzania is particularly associated with its peaberry grades. Chaos Coffee Co. is based in Bayboro, North Carolina and offers artisan-roasted specialty coffee. Visit www.chaoscoffeeco.shop for more information.
Produced by Nigusse Gemeda Mude from trees of local heirloom varieties of Arabica, and processed by the natural method (dried in the whole fruit). Tipico Coffee is a café and specialty coffee roaster based in Buffalo, New York. Visit www.tipicocoffee.com for more information.
Produced by the Gomez family of Finca Las Moritas entirely of the Yellow Pacamara variety of Arabica, and processed by the washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). Tipico Coffee is a café and specialty coffee roaster based in Buffalo, New York. Visit www.tipicocoffee.com for more information.
Produced by Rigoberto and Roberto Herrera entirely of the admired Sidra variety of Arabica, and processed by a proprietary natural-process extended fermentation method. Bird Rock Coffee Roasters is a retailer and wholesaler focused on organic and socially responsible coffees; it was awarded the “2012 Micro-Roaster of the Year” title by Roast Magazine. Visit www.birdrockcoffee.com or call 858-551-1707 for more information.
Produced by Diego Bermudez of Finca El Paraiso entirely of the Geisha variety of Arabica, and processed by the double-anaerobic washed method, in which the fermentation occurs in a hermetically sealed vessel. Paradise Roasters specializes in micro-lot Arabica and Robusta coffees from Asia and other emerging origins. Paradise prides itself on quality and freshness, craft-roasting coffees in small batches only after orders are placed. Visit www.paradiseroasters.com or call 763-433-0626 for more information.
Produced by the Stille family entirely of the big-beaned Pacamara variety of Arabica, and processed by the washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). Monarch Coffee is an award-winning coffee farm and specialty roaster of 100% estate-grown Kona coffee on the Big Island of Hawai’i. Visit www.monarchcoffee.com for more information.
Produced at Uluwehi Farm entirely of the SL34 variety of Arabica, and processed by an experimental washed method that adds wine yeast during the fermentation step. Paradise Roasters specializes in micro-lot Arabica and Robusta coffees from Asia and other emerging origins. Paradise prides itself on quality and freshness, craft-roasting coffees in small batches only after orders are placed. Visit www.paradiseroasters.com or call 763-433-0626 for more information.
Grown by Miranda Farms, entirely of the Red Catuai variety of Arabica, and processed by Miguel Meza by a proprietary method that utilizes a yeast strain associated with the style of beer known as Indian Pale Ale or IPA during fermentation. Paradise Roasters specializes in micro-lot Arabica and Robusta coffees from Asia and other emerging origins. Paradise prides itself on quality and freshness, craft-roasting coffees in small batches only after orders are placed. Visit www.paradiseroasters.com or call 763-433-0626 for more information.
Produced by the Mierisch family of Finca Cerro Azul entirely of the Yellow Pacas variety of Arabica, and processed by the washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). Paradise Roasters specializes in micro-lot Arabica and Robusta coffees from Asia and other emerging origins. Paradise prides itself on quality and freshness, craft-roasting coffees in small batches only after orders are placed. Visit www.paradiseroasters.com or call 763-433-0626 for more information.
Produced at Finca Lugmapata entirely of the Typica Mejorado variety of Arabica, and processed by the washed method. Genetic testing suggests that the Typica Majorado is not a Typica variety, but shares Bourbon and Ethiopia ancestry. Paradise Roasters specializes in micro-lot Arabica and Robusta coffees from Asia and other emerging origins. Paradise prides itself on quality and freshness, craft-roasting coffees in small batches only after orders are placed. Visit www.paradiseroasters.com or call 763-433-0626 for more information.
Produced by the Stille family entirely of the Gesha (also spelled Geisha) variety of Arabica, and processed by the washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). Monarch Coffee is an award-winning coffee farm and specialty roaster of 100% estate-grown Kona coffee on the Big Island of Hawai’i. Visit www.monarchcoffee.com for more information.
Produced by the Stille family entirely of the Gesha (also spelled Geisha) variety of Arabica, and processed by the washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). This is an early harvest of the Monarch Estate Hawaiian Gesha and roasted a bit darker than the farm’s main harvest of that variety. Monarch Coffee is an award-winning coffee farm and specialty roaster of 100% estate-grown Kona coffee on the Big Island of Hawai’i. Visit www.monarchcoffee.com for more information.
Grown by Miranda Farms and JN Farms from trees of the Typica, Bourbon and Catuai varieties of Arabica, and processed by Miguel Meza of Paradise by the washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). Paradise Roasters specializes in micro-lot Arabica and Robusta coffees from Asia and other emerging origins. Paradise prides itself on quality and freshness, craft-roasting coffees in small batches only after orders are placed. Visit www.paradiseroasters.com or call 763-433-0626 for more information.
Produced by smallholding farmers from trees of the Ateng, Jember and Garundang varieties of Arabica, and processed by the traditional Sumatra wet-hulled method. Bird Rock Coffee Roasters is a retailer and wholesaler focused on organic and socially responsible coffees; it was awarded the “2012 Micro-Roaster of the Year” title by Roast Magazine. Visit www.birdrockcoffee.com or call 858-551-1707 for more information.
Imported via Mayra Orellana-Powell’s Catracha Coffee. Produced by Luis Nolasco entirely of the Catuai variety of Arabica and processed by the traditional washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). Old Soul is a roastery, bakery and crafter of artisanal goods dedicated to quality in every form. Visit www.oldsoulco.com or call 916-443-7685 for more information.
Produced by members of Koerintji Barokah Bersama Cooperative from the Andung Sari and Sigarar Utang varieties of Arabica, and processed by the honey method, in which some of the fruit flesh is left on the coffee seed during the drying process. JBC Coffee Roasters’ vision is simple: “let the coffee lead the way” through sourcing and roasting the best and most unique coffees available and rewarding the farmers who grow those coffees with substantial premiums. Visit www.jbccoffeeroasters.com or call 608-256-5282 for more information.
A blend of coffees from Costa Rica, El Salvador and Papua New Guinea, roasted for espresso applications. Hey Brown is a Taiwan-based specialty roaster. Visit https://www.facebook.com/hey.brown.caffee/ for more information.
A blend of coffees from India, Brazil, Ethiopia, Indonesia and Colombia, roasted for espresso brewing. Ba Yang Coffee is a specialty roaster based in New Taipei City, Taiwan.  Visit www.ruten.com.tw/store/kiki9i/ for more information.
Yirgacheffe coffees like this one are largely produced from traditional Ethiopian landrace varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. A wet-processed or “washed” version (fruit skin and pulp are removed before drying). Ba Yang Coffee is a specialty roaster based in New Taipei City, Taiwan.  Visit www.ruten.com.tw/store/kiki9i/ for more information.
Produced by Arnulfo Leguizamo of Finca La Primavera, entirely of the admired Sidra variety of Arabica, and processed by the washed method. Paradise Roasters specializes in micro-lot Arabica and Robusta coffees from Asia and other emerging origins. Paradise prides itself on quality and freshness, craft-roasting coffees in small batches only after orders are placed. Visit www.paradiseroasters.com or call 763-433-0626 for more information.
Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one are largely produced from distinctive indigenous Ethiopia landrace varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. Processed by the natural method (dried in the whole fruit). Kakalove Cafe is a nano-roaster located in the small city of Chia-Yi in Taiwan that strives to procure and roast the finest quality coffee. Visit www.kakalovecafe.com.tw or email [email protected] for more information.
Certified USDA Organic. Produced by 1,000 smallholding farmers organized around the Testi Ayla washing station, and processed by the anaerobic natural method (fermented in the whole fruit in an oxygen-free vessel). SkyTop Coffee is a USDA certified-organic specialty coffee roaster based in Manlius, New York. For more information, visit skytopcoffee.com.
Produced from indigenous Ethiopia landrace varieties of Arabica by smallholding farmers surrounding the Qonqana Washing Station operated by the Daye Bensa group, and processed by the traditional washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). Jaunt Coffee Roasters is a San Diego-based roaster and café with an extensive coffee and food menu. Visit www.jauntcoffee.com for more information.
Coffees from the Sidama region like this one are produced from distinctive, largely indigenous Ethiopian landrace varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. Processed by the natural method (dried in the whole fruit). Magnolia Coffee is a Charlotte-based specialty roaster whose mission is to use sustainably sourced coffees to make a difference in the lives of coffee workers and to foster a socially conscious community with cause-supporting coffees. Visit www.magnoliacoffeeco.com for more information.
Certified USDA Organic. Produced by 1,000 smallholding farmers organized around the Testi Ayla washing station, and processed by the traditional washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). SkyTop Coffee is a USDA certified-organic specialty coffee roaster based in Manlius, New York. For more information, visit skytopcoffee.com.
Produced in the Aceh Province of Sumatra and processed by the natural method (dried in the whole fruit), a method unusual for this region. Kakalove Cafe is a nano-roaster located in the small city of Chia-Yi in Taiwan that strives to procure and roast the finest quality coffee. Visit www.kakalovecafe.com.tw or email [email protected] for more information.
Despite challenges ranging from contested government coffee policy and urban encroachment on prime coffee lands to chronically unstable weather, Kenya continues to produce some of the world’s most elegant and distinctive coffees using long established traditional methods. Kakalove Cafe is a nano-roaster located in the small city of Chia-Yi in Taiwan that strives to procure and roast the finest quality coffee. Visit www.kakalovecafe.com.tw or email [email protected] for more information.
Produced at Blue Hole Estate entirely of the Catuaí variety of Arabica, and processed by the natural method (dried in the whole fruit). David's Nose is a specialty coffee roaster based in Taipei, Taiwan whose founder studied agronomy and has a deep interest in crop quality. For more information, visit www.dnose.com.tw.
Comprised entirely of the Paraneima variety of Arabica and processed by the anaerobic natural method (fermentation of the whole fruit occurs in a hermetically sealed chamber). Min Cafe Enjoy is a Taipei-based nano-roaster. Visit www.facebook.com/minenjoycafe/photos/ for more information.
This Kenya coffee was processed by the anaerobic natural method (whole-fruit fermented in a hermetically sealed vessel). Vennel Coffee is a Taiwan-based specialty coffee roaster. For more information, visit www.vennelcoffee.com.tw. 
Sourced in partnership with Mighty Peace Coffee, this washed-process DR Congo is produced by smallholding farmers, 40% of whom are women. Old Soul is a roastery, bakery and crafter of artisanal goods dedicated to quality in every form. Visit www.oldsoulco.com or call 916-443-7685 for more information.
Produced by Roberto Vasconez entirely of the Sidra variety of Arabica, and processed by the traditional washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). JBC Coffee Roasters’ vision is simple: “let the coffee lead the way” through sourcing and roasting the best and most unique coffees available and rewarding the farmers who grow those coffees with substantial premiums. Visit www.jbccoffeeroasters.com or call 608-256-5282 for more information.
Produced by Andres Cardona at Villa Lucía Farm from trees of the Castillo and Colombia varieties of Arabica, and processed by the semi-washed or honey method (skins are removed but at least some of the sticky fruit flesh is allowed to dry on the beans). Nostalgia Coffee Roasters was founded by Taylor Fields in 2018 as a mobile café; it has since added specialty roasting and online sales of select fine coffees. Visit www.nostalgiacoffeeroasters.com for more information.
Produced by Don Joiner Alvarado of Finca Los Cedros, from trees of the Caturra and Catuaí varieties of Arabica, and processed by the yellow honey method. With all honey processing methods, some sweet pulp or fruit flesh (“honey”) is allowed to adhere to the beans during drying. In the yellow honey variation, a thin layer of pulp is allowed to dry on the beans, more than with white honey, but less than is the case with red or black honey. Temple Coffee is a quality-focused retail and wholesale specialty roaster active in Sacramento, California since 2005. Committed to sourcing, roasting and brewing the finest coffees, Temple features coffee from distinguished single estates and cooperatives around the world. Visit www.templecoffee.com or call 916-454-1282 for more information.
Produced at Uluwehi Coffee Farm entirely of the Bourbon-related SL34 variety of Arabica and processed by a proprietary method, called “champagne natural,” in which fermentation using a wine yeast strain is applied to the whole fruit before it is dried. Paradise Roasters specializes in micro-lot Arabica and Robusta coffees from Asia and other emerging origins. Paradise prides itself on quality and freshness, craft-roasting coffees in small batches only after orders are placed. Visit www.paradiseroasters.com or call 763-433-0626 for more information.
Produced by smallholding members of the Cooperativa Agraria Cafetalera Pangoa from trees of the Bourbon, Typica and Caturra varieties of Arabica, and processed by the traditional washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). Temple Coffee is a quality-focused retail and wholesale specialty roaster active in Sacramento, California since 2005. Committed to sourcing, roasting and brewing the finest coffees, Temple features coffee from distinguished single estates and cooperatives around the world. Visit www.templecoffee.com or call 916-454-1282 for more information.
Produced by Aurelio Villatoro of Finca La Esperanza from trees of the Bourbon and Caturra varieties of Arabica, and processed by the traditional washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). Temple Coffee is a quality-focused retail and wholesale specialty roaster active in Sacramento, California since 2005. Committed to sourcing, roasting and brewing the finest coffees, Temple features coffee from distinguished single estates and cooperatives around the world. Visit www.templecoffee.com or call 916-454-1282 for more information.
Coffee from trees of the botanical variety Geisha (also Gesha) grown on Price Peterson’s Hacienda La Esmeralda in Panama first introduced this extraordinary variety of Arabica to the world. This is a wet-processed or “washed” version, meaning the fruit skin and pulp were removed from the beans immediately after harvesting but before drying. GK Coffee is a nano-roastery in Yilan, Taiwan that offers both retail and wholesale coffee. For more information, visit www.gkcoffee.com.tw or email [email protected]
Produced in the Villa Rica growing region of Peru entirely of the Geisha variety of Arabica, and processed by the anaerobic washed method, in which the fermentation step occurs in a hermetically sealed vessel. GK Coffee is a nano-roastery in Yilan, Taiwan that offers both retail and wholesale coffee. For more information, visit www.gkcoffee.com.tw or email [email protected]
Bourbon Pointu, botanical name var. Laurina, is a natural mutation of the famous Bourbon variety, first selected on Reunion Island in the Indian Ocean. The Bourbon Pointu is famous for its natural low levels of caffeine, bean shape (small and tending to be pointed at the ends, hence “pointu”), and pungently fruit-toned, Bourbon-like cup. This version was produced in Kona and is a dry-processed or “natural” coffee, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit. Hula Daddy is a boutique coffee producer with farms at the 1,400 and 2,500-foot levels of the Mount Hualalai volcano near the northern end of the Kona growing district, five minutes above the town of Kailua-Kona. Visit www.huladaddy.com or call 888-553-2339 for more information.
Produced at Finca Cruz Loma from the Typica Mejorado and Sidra varieties of Arabica, and processed by the traditional washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). This coffee won first place in the 2021 Taza Dorada competition for Ecuador green coffees. In addition to his retail roasting operation, Aroma Roast Coffees, Simon Hsieh also operates Soaring Phoenix Trading, a business focused on purpose-built commercial espresso blends and high-quality single-origin coffees. Customers can also visit the new showroom, Chateau Andy, in Taipei City. Visit www.facebook.com/4ArtsZeroDefectCoffees or call 886-0983-749876 for more information.
Produced by smallholding farmers from the Sigurarutang and Typica varieties of Arabica, processed by the anaerobic washed method and aged seven years. Paradise Roasters specializes in micro-lot Arabica and Robusta coffees from Asia and other emerging origins. Paradise prides itself on quality and freshness, craft-roasting coffees in small batches only after orders are placed. Visit www.paradiseroasters.com or call 763-433-0626 for more information.
Produced by smallholding farmers from the Andung Sari, Tim-Tim, Bor-Bor, Sigara Utang and P88 varieties of Arabica, and processed by the traditional Indonesian washed and wet-hulled method. Mostra Coffee is a women-, minority-, veteran-, and immigrant-owned micro-roaster based in north county San Diego. For more information, visit www.mostracoffee.com.
This 100% Ka’u coffee was developed by Lorie Obra of Rusty’s, one of Ka’u’s best-known and most celebrated farms. Produced from trees of the traditional Typica variety and processed by the washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). Visit www.rustyshawaiian.com or call 808-928-8916 for more information.
Produced by smallholding farmers from the Ateng, Bor Bor, Catimor and Timor varieties of Arabica, and processed by the traditional Sumatra washed and wet-hulled method. Chaos Coffee is a specialty roaster based in Bayboro, North Carolina. Visit www.chaoscoffeeco.shop/ for more information.
Comprised entirely of the celebrated SL28 variety of Arabica and processed by the traditional washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). Green Stone Coffee is a woman-owned artisan roastery in Taipei, Taiwan founded in 2016 and specializing in sourcing distinctive coffees that express their individual terroirs. Visit greenstone-coffee.com for more information.
This coffee was purchased from a Peet’s Coffee retail location as a nationally branded benchmark comparison for the darker-roasted coffees from smaller roasters reviewed this month. It is a conventionally washed-process coffee in the Kenya tradition. Peet’s Coffee, now a national chain, was founded by Alfred Peet in 1966, making it one of the first and most influential artisan coffee roasters in the U.S. Visit www.peets.com for more information.
Desert Sun’s roastery is located at nearly 7,000 feet above sea level in the San Juan Mountains of Colorado. It imports its coffee through its membership in Coop Coffees, a cooperative importer. Visit www.desertsuncoffee.com or call 866-998-6299 for more information. 
Purchased at a Safeway supermarket as a nationally branded benchmark comparison for the darker-roasted coffees from smaller roasters reviewed this month. Visit www.starbucks.com for more information.
This classic Peet’s blend was purchased from amazon.com as a nationally branded benchmark comparison for the darker-roasted coffees from smaller roasters reviewed this month. Listed on Peet’s website as sourced from “Americas and Indo-Pacific.” Peet’s Coffee, now a national chain, was founded by Alfred Peet in 1966, making it one of the first and most influential artisan coffee roasters in the U.S. Visit www.peets.com for more information.
Purchased at amazon.com as a nationally branded benchmark comparison for the darker-roasted coffees from smaller roasters reviewed this month. Visit www.starbucks.com for more information.
Produced by Hugo Mariño Laura of Santa Mónica Farm entirely of the Gesha (also spelled Geisha) variety of Arabica, and processed by the washed method. Kakalove Café is a nano-roaster located in the small city of Chia-Yi in Taiwan that strives to procure and roast the finest quality coffee. Visit www.kakalovecafe.com.tw or email [email protected] for more information.
Produced at Ching-Ye farm in Taiwan entirely of the admired SL34 variety of Arabica and processed by the washed method. Kakalove Café is a nano-roaster located in the small city of Chia-Yi in Taiwan that strives to procure and roast the finest quality coffee. Visit www.kakalovecafe.com.tw or email [email protected] for more information.
Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one are largely produced from distinctive indigenous Ethiopian landrace varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. This is a dry-processed or “natural” version, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit rather than after the fruit has been removed, as is the case with washed coffees. Merge is a specialty coffee roaster in Harrisonburg, Virginia dedicated to ethical sourcing of high-quality coffees. Visit www.mergecoffeeco.com for more information.
Produced by Jose Gomez of Finca Al Paraiso and processed by the natural method (sun-dried in the whole fruit). Merge is a specialty coffee roaster in Harrisonburg, Virginia dedicated to ethical sourcing of high-quality coffees. Visit www.mergecoffeeco.com for more information.
Produced by smallholding farmers from the Shantawene, Bombe and Keramo villages largely from trees of local landrace varieties of Arabica, and processed by the traditional washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). Certifications include Rainforest Alliance and Utz. Jaunt Coffee Roasters is a San Diego-based roaster and café with an extensive coffee and food menu. Visit www.jauntcoffee.com for more information.
Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one are largely produced from distinctive landrace Ethiopian varieties of Arabica long grown there. This is a natural-processed version (dried in the whole fruit). JBC Coffee Roasters’ vision is simple: “let the coffee lead the way” through sourcing and roasting the best and most unique coffees available and rewarding the farmers who grow those coffees with substantial premiums. Visit www.jbccoffeeroasters.com or call 608-256-5282 for more information.
Comprised of three varieties of Bourbon — red, yellow and pink — that were submerged in water with a yeast inoculation for 48 hours, then dried in the whole fruit. The lot was then cured for one month before hulling. Visit www.rustyshawaiian.com or call 808-928-8916 for more information.
Produced by Roxana Rangel from trees of the Yellow Caturra and Typica varieties of Arabica and processed by the traditional washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). JBC Coffee Roasters’ vision is simple: “let the coffee lead the way” through sourcing and roasting the best and most unique coffees available and rewarding the farmers who grow those coffees with substantial premiums. Visit www.jbccoffeeroasters.com or call 608-256-5282 for more information.
Produced by Jairo Lopez of Villa Norena entirely of the Caturra variety of Arabica, and processed by the natural method (sun-dried in the whole fruit). Jaunt Coffee Roasters is a San Diego-based roaster and café with an extensive coffee and food menu. Visit www.jauntcoffee.com for more information.
Produced by smallholding farmers from trees of the Bourbon and Typica varieties of Arabica and processed by the traditional washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). JBC Coffee Roasters’ vision is simple: “let the coffee lead the way” through sourcing and roasting the best and most unique coffees available and rewarding the farmers who grow those coffees with substantial premiums. Visit www.jbccoffeeroasters.com or call 608-256-5282 for more information.
Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one are largely produced from distinctive indigenous Ethiopia landrace varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. Processed by the natural method (dried in the whole fruit). Jaunt Coffee Roasters is a San Diego-based roaster and café with an extensive coffee and food menu. Visit www.jauntcoffee.com for more information.
Produced by 30 smallholding members of the Familia Flores collective from trees of the Bourbon and Caturra varieties of Arabica, and processed by the traditional washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). Certified USDA Organic and fair trade. JBC Coffee Roasters’ vision is simple: “let the coffee lead the way” through sourcing and roasting the best and most unique coffees available and rewarding the farmers who grow those coffees with substantial premiums. Visit www.jbccoffeeroasters.com or call 608-256-5282 for more information.
Produced by 20 smallholding women farmers of “Woman Power Zongolica!” from the Caturra, Catuai, Sarchimor and Marsellesa varieties of Arabica, and processed by the traditional washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). Nostalgia Coffee Roasters was founded by Taylor Fields in 2018 as a mobile café; it has since added specialty roasting and online sales of select fine coffees. Visit www.nostalgiacoffeeroasters.com for more information.
Produced by Don Luis Campos of Cordillera del Fuego farm and processed by the “thermic” method, in which beans, with skins removed, are heated with some of the fruit flesh or mucilage still adhering to them. The exposure to heat starts to break down the natural sugars of the mucilage, partially caramelizing it. RamsHead Coffee Roasters is a family-owned company founded by Bozeman, Montana, natives Caleb and Laura Walker that specializes in direct trade microlot coffees. For more information, visit www.ramsheadcoffee.com.
Produced by smallholding farmers near the Nyakibanda Washing Station entirely of the Red Bourbon variety of Arabica, and processed by a traditional variation on the washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). JBC Coffee Roasters’ vision is simple: “let the coffee lead the way” through sourcing and roasting the best and most unique coffees available and rewarding the farmers who grow those coffees with substantial premiums. Visit www.jbccoffeeroasters.com or call 608-256-5282 for more information.
Produced at Pastores Mill and processed by the traditional washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). RamsHead Coffee Roasters is a family-owned company founded by Bozeman, Montana, natives Caleb and Laura Walker that specializes in direct trade microlot coffees. For more information, visit www.ramsheadcoffee.com.
Produced by smallholding farmers of the Gitwe Farmer Cooperative Society, from trees of the SL-28, Batian, Ruiru 11 and K7 varieties of Arabica, and processed by the washed method. Founded in 1990, Roadmap CoffeeWorks, formerly Lexington Coffee Roasters, is an award-winning artisan roasting company based in Lexington, Virginia. Roadmap CoffeeWorks focuses on producing fresh, distinctive and sustainable coffees. Visit www.roadmapcoffeeworks.com or call 800-322-6505 for more information.
Produced by smallholding farmers entirely of the Red Bourbon variety of Arabica, and processed by the anaerobic washed method, with the addition of wine yeasts during the fermentation step. JBC Coffee Roasters’ vision is simple: “let the coffee lead the way” through sourcing and roasting the best and most unique coffees available and rewarding the farmers who grow those coffees with substantial premiums. Visit www.jbccoffeeroasters.com or call 608-256-5282 for more information.
Produced by Coopro Naranjo from the Catuaí and Caturra varieties of Arabica and processed by the natural method (dried in the whole fruit). The Cattleya project, a partnership between Coopro Naranjo and Royal Coffee New York, provides agronomists to help small family farms achieve peak flavor from their harvests. Founded in 1990, Roadmap CoffeeWorks, formerly Lexington Coffee Roasters, is an award-winning artisan roasting company based in Lexington, Virginia. Roadmap CoffeeWorks focuses on producing fresh, distinctive and sustainable coffees. Visit www.roadmapcoffeeworks.com or call 800-322-6505 for more information.
Produced at Finca Cruz Loma from the Typica Mejorado and Sidra varieties of Arabica, and processed by the traditional washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). This coffee won first place in the 2021 Taza Dorada competition for Ecuador green coffees. Paradise prides itself on quality and freshness, craft-roasting coffees in small batches only after orders are placed. Visit www.paradiseroasters.com or call 763-433-0626 for more information.
Toarco (TOraja ARabica COffee) is a coffee project in the famous Sulawesi coffee growing region of Toraja developed and financed by Japan’s Key Coffee Company and its Indonesian partners. Toarco coffees are processed by variants of the orthodox wet or washed method, giving them a brighter and cleaner profile than Sulawesi coffees processed by the locally traditional wet-hulling method. JBC Coffee Roasters’ vision is simple: “let the coffee lead the way” through sourcing and roasting the best and most unique coffees available and rewarding the farmers who grow those coffees with substantial premiums. Visit www.jbccoffeeroasters.com or call 608-256-5282 for more information.
Produced by Miranda Farms and JN Farms, from the Red Catuai and Red Bourbon varieties of Arabica, and processed by the washed method with the addition of yeasts during the fermentation process. Paradise prides itself on quality and freshness, craft-roasting coffees in small batches only after orders are placed. Visit www.paradiseroasters.com or call 763-433-0626 for more information.
Produced at Top Hill Farm, from trees of the SL28 and SL34 varieties of Arabica, and processed by the washed method. GK Coffee is a nano-roastery in Yilan, Taiwan that offers both retail and wholesale coffee. For more information, visit www.gkcoffee.com.tw or email [email protected]
Certified organic and fair trade. Produced by members of the SOPACDI Cooperative, from the Blue Mountain, Bourbon, Caturra, Catuaí, and Kabare 2 varieties of Arabica, and processed by the washed method. Located overlooking Lake Kivu, on the opposite side of the lake from Rwanda, this rapidly growing cooperative now has nearly 6,000 members and is succeeding in its goal to help heal wounds left by the latest in eastern Congo’s seemingly endless string of civil wars. JBC Coffee Roasters’ vision is simple: “let the coffee lead the way” through sourcing and roasting the best and most unique coffees available and rewarding the farmers who grow those coffees with substantial premiums. Visit www.jbccoffeeroasters.com or call 608-256-5282 for more information.
Produced by smallholding farmers surrounding the Karatina Coffee Factory from trees of the Ruiru 11, SL28 and Batian varieties of Arabica, and processed by the washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). Now based in Henderson, Nevada, Dragonfly Coffee was named 2019 Micro-Roaster of the Year by Roast magazine. Visit https://dragonflycoffeeroasters.com or call 303-579-2154 for more information. 
Produced by Asnake Bekele of Belayneh Farms, from local heirloom varieties of Arabica, and processed by the natural method (dried in the whole fruit). Imported by Catalyst Trade. RamsHead Coffee Roasters is a family-owned company founded by Bozeman, Montana natives Caleb and Laura Walker that specializes in direct trade microlot coffees. For more information, visit www.ramsheadcoffee.com.
Produced by smallholding farmers, from trees of the Typica, Bourbon and Arusha varieties of Arabica, and processed by the washed method. JBC Coffee Roasters’ vision is simple: “let the coffee lead the way” through sourcing and roasting the best and most unique coffees available and rewarding the farmers who grow those coffees with substantial premiums. Visit www.jbccoffeeroasters.com or call 608-256-5282 for more information.
Produced by smallholding farmers, entirely of the Red Bourbon variety of Arabica, and processed by the natural method (dried in the whole fruit). Now based in Henderson, Nevada, Dragonfly Coffee was named 2019 Micro-Roaster of the Year by Roast magazine. Visit https://dragonflycoffeeroasters.com or call 303-579-2154 for more information. 
Certified Fair Trade and USDA Organic. A blend of coffees from Africa, South America and Central America. JBC Coffee Roasters’ vision is simple: “let the coffee lead the way” through sourcing and roasting the best and most unique coffees available and rewarding the farmers who grow those coffees with substantial premiums. Visit www.jbccoffeeroasters.com or call 608-256-5282 for more information.
Produced at Uluwehi Coffee Farm, entirely of the Bourbon-related SL34 variety of Arabica, and processed by a proprietary method, called “champagne natural,” in which fermentation using a wine yeast strain is applied to the whole fruit before it is dried. Paradise prides itself on quality and freshness, craft-roasting coffees in small batches only after orders are placed. Visit www.paradiseroasters.com or call 763-433-0626 for more information.
Produced at Mashtal Al Burhani Farm, from trees of the Tuffahi, Dawairi, Jaadi, and various other heirloom varieties of Arabica, and processed by the natural method (dried in the whole fruit). Paradise prides itself on quality and freshness, craft-roasting coffees in small batches only after orders are placed. Visit www.paradiseroasters.com or call 763-433-0626 for more information.
 Produced by Miranda Farms, entirely of the Red Catuai variety of Arabica and processed by an experimental natural method involving the inoculation of the cherries with lactic acid-producing organisms in a low oxygen environment for several days, then drying them on screens in a dehumidified room. Paradise prides itself on quality and freshness, craft-roasting coffees in small batches only after orders are placed. Visit www.paradiseroasters.com or call 763-433-0626 for more information.
Produced at Lisa & Leo’s Farm, entirely of the Yellow Bourbon variety of Arabica, and processed by the traditional fermented and washed method. Paradise prides itself on quality and freshness, craft-roasting coffees in small batches only after orders are placed. Visit www.paradiseroasters.com or call 763-433-0626 for more information.
Produced by Diego Bermudez entirely of the Castillo variety of Arabica, and processed by the double-anaerobic washed method, in which the fermentation step occurs in a hermetically sealed vessel before the beans are washed and dried. Paradise prides itself on quality and freshness, craft-roasting coffees in small batches only after orders are placed. Visit www.paradiseroasters.com or call 763-433-0626 for more information
Produced in the Guji growing region, nestled next to Ethiopia's better-known Yirgacheffe and Sidamo regions, largely from distinctive indigenous landrace varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. Processed by the natural method (dried in the whole fruit). Cozy House Coffee is a Taiwan-based specialty coffee roaster and an SCA Authorized Trainer (AST). For more information, visit https://shop.cozyhousecoffee.com.
A blend of coffees from Panama, Honduras and Ethiopia roasted for espresso applications. Cozy House Coffee is a Taiwan-based specialty coffee roaster and an SCA Authorized Trainer (AST).  For more information, visit https://shop.cozyhousecoffee.com.
Yirgacheffe is a coffee region in southern Ethiopia that produces distinctive coffees from traditional landrace varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. This is a “natural” or dry-processed version, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit, encouraging a flavor profile that is less predictable and deeper than the more familiar wet-processed floral- and citrus-toned Yirgacheffe profile. Cozy House Coffee is a Taiwan-based specialty coffee roaster and an SCA Authorized Trainer (AST). For more information, visit https://shop.cozyhousecoffee.com.
Produced by the Urena Rojas Family entirely of the Red Catuai variety of Arabica, and processed by the black honey method, in which the skins are removed from the fruit but virtually all of the fruit flesh or mucilage is allowed to dry on the beans. Cozy House Coffee is a Taiwan-based specialty coffee roaster and an SCA Authorized Trainer (AST). For more information, visit https://shop.cozyhousecoffee.com.
Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one are largely produced from distinctive traditional Ethiopian landrace varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. Processed by the wet or washed method (fruit skin and pulp are removed before drying). Cozy House Coffee is a Taiwan-based specialty coffee roaster and an SCA Authorized Trainer (AST). For more information, visit https://shop.cozyhousecoffee.com.
Produced by Luis Pedro Zelaya Zamora from trees of the Bourbon and Caturra varieties of Arabica and processed by the washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). Cozy House Coffee is a Taiwan-based specialty coffee roaster and an SCA Authorized Trainer (AST). For more information, visit https://shop.cozyhousecoffee.com.
Produced by smallholding farmers surrounding the Gatare Washing Station entirely of the Red Bourbon variety of Arabica, and processed by the washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). Nostalgia Coffee Roasters is a woman-owned specialty coffee roaster founded by Taylor Fields in 2018 as a mobile café. Nostalgia is now focused on bringing exceptional coffee to folks around the world via its online store and wholesale program. Visit www.nostalgiacoffeeroasters.com for more information. 
Produced by 664 smallholding women farmers of the ASPROCDEGUA Producer's Association, from trees of the Bourbon, Caturra, Catuai and Pache varieties of Arabica, and processed by the washed method. Founded in 2011, Yellow Brick Coffee is a specialty roaster and cafe in Tucson, Arizona. Visit www.yellowbrickcoffee.com for more information.
Produced by Danilo Salazar Arias of San Cristobal Farm, from the Catuai, Caturra and Villa Sarchi varieties of Arabica, and processed by the natural method (dried in the whole fruit). Founded in 1994, Coffee By Design is a specialty coffee roaster in Portland, Maine that also operates three coffee shops in town, as well as one in Freeport. Visit www.coffeebydesign.com.
Despite grower discontent, unclear government coffee policy and urban encroachment on prime coffee lands, the famed Kenya coffee auction system and its participating cooperatives continue to produce some of the world's most elegant and distinctive coffees. Founded in 1994, Coffee By Design is a specialty coffee roaster in Portland, Maine that also operates three coffee shops in town, as well as one in Freeport. Visit www.coffeebydesign.com.
Produced by Oscar Omar Alonzo of Finca Cual Bicicleta, entirely of the Catuai variety of Arabica, and processed by the honey method in which some of the fruit flesh is left on the coffee seed during the drying process. Founded in 1994, Coffee By Design is a specialty coffee roaster in Portland, Maine that also operates three coffee shops in town, as well as one in Freeport. Visit www.coffeebydesign.com.
Produced by smallholding farmers surrounding the Gasharu Washing Station, entirely of the Bourbon variety of Arabica, and processed by the natural method (sun-dried in the whole fruit). Founded in 1994, Coffee By Design is a specialty coffee roaster in Portland, Maine that also operates three coffee shops in town, as well as one in Freeport. Visit www.coffeebydesign.com.
Produced by smallholding farmers, from local heirloom varieties of Arabica, and processed by the honey method, in which the skins are removed from the fruit but some fruit flesh is allowed to dry on the beans. VERYTIME is a specialty nano-roaster based in Taoyuan, Taiwan. Visit facebook.com/verytime7 for more information.
Produced by smallholding farmers, from the Tuffahi, Dawairi, Jaadi and other heirloom varieties of Arabica, in collaboration with Al-Ezzi Industries, and processed by the natural method (dried in the whole fruit). Roasted at PT’s Coffee, where the motto is “without the love, it’s just coffee.” Visit www.ptscoffee.com or call 888-678-JAVA for more information.
Produced by Henrique Dias Cambraia of Fazenda Samambaia entirely of the Arara variety of Arabica, and processed by an experimental method in which the coffee was fermented in the whole fruit in open barrels for four days using yeasts naturally occurring at the farm, then dried on raised beds. Kakalove Café is a nano-roaster located in the small city of Chia-Yi in Taiwan that strives to procure and roast the finest quality coffee. Visit www.kakalovecafe.com.tw or email [email protected] for more information. 
Produced at Fazenda Rio Verde, entirely of the Red Acaia variety of Arabica, and processed by an experimental method that involves anaerobic or oxygen-free fermentation of the whole fruit for 90 hours, followed by drying on raised beds. Euphora Coffee is a Taipei-based specialty coffee roaster with an active online community through which all sales are made. Visit www.euphoracoffeestudio.com for more information.
Produced by the Veloso family at Fazenda Santa Cecilia entirely of the Yellow Catuaí variety of Arabica, and processed by the classic natural method (dried in the whole fruit). Min Cafe Enjoy is a Taipei-based nano-roaster. Visit www.facebook.com/minenjoycafe/photos/ for more information.
Produced by Weber Teixeira Lacerda entirely of the Red Catuaí variety of Arabica, and processed by the pulped natural (also called semi-washed or honey) method (skins are removed but the sticky fruit flesh is allowed to dry on the beans). Mostra Coffee is a women-, minority-, veteran-, and immigrant-owned micro-roaster based in north county San Diego. For more information, visit www.mostracoffee.com.
Produced by Rodolfo Moreno Costa Rodrigues of Fazenda Ponte entirely of the Red Catucai IAC 144 variety of Arabica, and processed by the natural method in the whole fruit with an added dry ferment step. Peach Coffee Roasters is an Atlanta, Georgia-based specialty roaster. Visit www.peachcoffeeroasters.com for more information.
Comprised entirely of the Red Catuaí variety of Arabica and processed by the anaerobic natural method (fermentation of the whole fruit occurs in a hermetically sealed, oxygen-free vessel before the fruit is dried). Spix’s Cafe is a Taipei-based coffee roaster specializing exclusively in coffees from Brazil. Visit https://www.facebook.com/SpixsCafeEspecialTaiwan/ for more information.
Produced by Roberto Bernardes of Sitio Taquara entirely of the Yellow Catuaí variety of Arabica, and processed by the pulped natural method (the outer skin of the coffee fruit is removed as it is in the wet or “washed” method, but the sticky fruit residue is allowed to dry on the bean and later removed by machine along with the parchment skin). Willoughby’s Coffee & Tea is a pioneer specialty coffee roaster established in the early 1980s that has gracefully and successfully moved with the times and now offers a menu of extremely refined small-lot, single-origin coffees. Visit www.willoughbyscoffee.com or call 800-388-8400 for more information.
Processed by the natural method, with the addition of a dry fermentation step at the onset of drying. Mogiana is the most traditional of all Brazil coffee growing regions. CafeTaster is a Taiwan-based specialty roaster and certified SCA training facility. For more information, visit www.facebook.com/cafetaster or email roaster Jerry Huang at [email protected]
Produced by smallholding members of Asocafe Canet, entirely of the Caturra variety of Arabica, and processed by the honey method, in which the skins are removed from the fruit but some of the fruit flesh (mucilage) is allowed to dry on the beans. Cafe Red Bean Shop is a specialty coffee roaster based in Taipei, Taiwan. For more information, visit https://shopee.tw/caferedbean.
Comprised entirely of the Geisha variety of Arabica and processed by the natural method (dried in the whole fruit). Cafe Red Bean Shop is a specialty coffee roaster based in Taipei, Taiwan. For more information, visit https://shopee.tw/caferedbean.
Produced by smallholding farmers surrounding the Odola TebeArowacho washing station, from local heirloom varieties of Arabica, and processed by the washed method. Imported by Catalyst Trade. RamsHead Coffee Roasters is a family-owned company founded by Bozeman, Montana natives Caleb and Laura Walker that specializes in direct trade microlot coffees. For more information, visit www.ramsheadcoffee.com.
Produced by smallholding farmers and processed by the natural anaerobic method ((whole fruit is fermented in hermetically sealed vessels before drying). Paradise prides itself on quality and freshness, craft-roasting coffees in small batches only after orders are placed. Visit www.paradiseroasters.com or call 763-433-0626 for more information. 
Produced by Carlos Ramon Diaz of Finca La Esperanza entirely of the Pink Bourbon variety of Arabica, and processed by the washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). Paradise prides itself on quality and freshness, craft-roasting coffees in small batches only after orders are placed. Visit www.paradiseroasters.com or call 763-433-0626 for more information. 
Produced by a small community of coffee growers at Sitio Naguey and processed by the washed method at Kalsada Mill. Mostra Coffee is a women-, minority-, veteran-, and immigrant-owned micro-roaster based in north county San Diego. For more information, visit www.mostracoffee.com.
Produced by smallholding farmers surrounding the famous Café La Granja La Esperanza farm from trees of the Caturra, Castillo and Colombia varieties of Arabica, and processed by the traditional washed method at La Granja. modcup coffee, founded in 2013, focuses on fresh roasting and distinctive natural-processed coffees. Visit modcup.com for more information.
Produced by Mario Hervas of Finca Meridiano entirely of the Typica Mejorado variety of Arabica, and processed by the washed method. JBC Coffee Roasters’ vision is simple: “let the coffee lead the way” through sourcing and roasting the best and most unique coffees available and rewarding the farmers who grow those coffees with substantial premiums. Visit www.jbccoffeeroasters.com or call 608-256-5282 for more information
Produced by Fabian Willem and processed by the honey method (skins are removed but at least some of the sticky fruit flesh is allowed to dry on the beans). Paradise prides itself on quality and freshness, craft-roasting coffees in small batches only after orders are placed. Visit www.paradiseroasters.com or call 763-433-0626 for more information. 
Produced by smallholding farmers largely from landrace varieties of Arabica long grown in the region, and processed by the traditional washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). 1980 CAFE is a specialty coffee roaster and cafe in Tainan, Taiwan. Visit https://www.1980cafetw.com for more information.
Produced by smallholding farmers, entirely of the 74110 variety of Arabica, and processed by the natural method (dried in the whole fruit). 1980 CAFE is a specialty coffee roaster and cafe in Tainan, Taiwan. Visit https://www.1980cafetw.com for more information.
A blend of coffees from Guatemala and Costa Rica roasted for espresso applications. Kasasagi is a Taiwan-based company that specializes in roasting “Japanese-style” coffees. Both companies are based in Taipei. Visit https://www.facebook.com/Kasasagicoffee/ for more information.
A blend of coffees from four origins roasted for espresso applications. Kasasagi is a Taiwan-based company that specializes in roasting “Japanese-style” coffees. Visit https://www.facebook.com/Kasasagicoffee/ for more information.
Produced by Feliciano Huayllas Candia of Kukipata Belen Farm entirely of the admired Gesha (also spelled Geisha) variety of Arabica, and processed by the washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). This coffee took 11th place in the 2021 Peru Cup of Excellence Competition. SkyTop Coffee is a USDA certified-organic specialty coffee roaster based in Manlius, New York. For more information, visit skytopcoffee.com.
Produced by Juan Peña, of Hacienda La Papaya, entirely of the Sidra variety of Arabica, and processed by an experimental 168-hour anaerobic process in which the fermentation step is conducted in hermetically sealed vessels. Taster’s Coffee is a nano-roaster based in new Taipei City, Taiwan. Visit www.tasterscoffee.com for more information.
Produced by Samuel Roldan of Finca Santa Elena entirely of the Caturra variety of Arabica and processed by the natural method (dried in the whole fruit). Hub Coffee Roasters is a specialty roaster focused on single-origin coffees with several cafes in the Reno area. Visit www.hubcoffeeroasters.com for more information.
Produced at Finca Las Nubes entirely of the Caturra variety of Arabica and processed by the washed method. Decaffeinated using ethyl acetate, an organic compound derived from sugar cane. Hub Coffee Roasters is a specialty roaster focused on single-origin coffees with several cafes in the Reno area. Visit www.hubcoffeeroasters.com for more information.
Produced at Selva Negra Farm and processed by the natural method (dried in the whole fruit). Peach Coffee Roasters is an Atlanta, Georgia-based specialty roaster. Visit www.peachcoffeeroasters.com for more information.
The organization Unblended Ventola Institute (UVI) describes itself as an incubator for young coffee growers to become young coffee entrepreneurs. Peach Coffee Roasters is an Atlanta, Georgia-based specialty roaster. Visit www.peachcoffeeroasters.com for more information.
Produced by Jamison Savage of Finca Deborah entirely from the trees of the celebrated Geisha variety of Arabica, and processed by the natural method (dried in the whole fruit). Mute Roaster is a specialty coffee roaster based in Macao, China. Visit https://www.facebook.com/muteroaster for more information.
Produced by smallholding farmers organized around Grupo Giraldo Exótico de Altura, a producer association with 81 members who live in the communities of Sierra, Sierrita y Cuajarón, from trees of the Colombia, Caturra and Castillo varieties of Arabica, and processed by the washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). Oak & Bond is a specialty retail and wholesale coffee roaster based in Charlotte, North Carolina. The company’s name combines “oak,” a reference to its first coffee, a barrel-aged release, and “bond,” referring to the founders’ happy marriage. For more information, visit www.oakandbondcoffee.com.
Produced by smallholding farmers entirely of the 74110 variety of Arabica, and processed by the natural method (dried in the whole fruit). Quartet Kaffe is an artisan roastery in Taiwan founded in 2018, dedicated to pursuing coffee performance art and offering unique specialty coffee. Visit www.facebook.com/QuartetKaffe for more information.
Despite grower discontent, unclear government coffee policy and urban encroachment on prime coffee lands, the famed Kenya coffee auction system and its participating cooperatives continue to produce some of the world's most elegant and distinctive coffees. Atom Coffee is a specialty roaster based in Douliou City, Taiwan. For more information, visit https://m.facebook.com/atomcoffee2019/.
Produced at Ukili Farm from the admired SL28 and SL34 varieties of Arabica, and processed by the washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). Kakalove Café is a nano-roaster located in the small city of Chia-Yi in Taiwan that strives to procure and roast the finest quality coffee. Visit www.kakalovecafe.com.tw or email [email protected] for more information.
Produced by smallholding farmers, from trees of the SL28, SL34, Batian and Ruiru varieties of Arabica, and processed by the washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). JBC Coffee Roasters’ vision is simple: “let the coffee lead the way” through sourcing and roasting the best and most unique coffees available and rewarding the farmers who grow those coffees with substantial premiums. Visit www.jbccoffeeroasters.com or call 608-256-5282 for more information.
Produced by Niguse Gemeda Mude largely from varieties of Arabica indigenous to Ethiopia, and processed by the natural method (dried in the whole fruit). JBC Coffee Roasters’ vision is simple: “let the coffee lead the way” through sourcing and roasting the best and most unique coffees available and rewarding the farmers who grow those coffees with substantial premiums. Visit www.jbccoffeeroasters.com or call 608-256-5282 for more information
Produced in the Guji growing region, an area nestled next to Ethiopia's better-known Yirgacheffe and Sidamo regions from trees of the indigenous 74112 selection of Arabica. Processed by the natural method (dried in the whole fruit). Kakalove Café is a nano-roaster located in the small city of Chia-Yi in Taiwan that strives to procure and roast the finest quality coffee. Visit www.kakalovecafe.com.tw or email [email protected] for more information.
Produced in the Guji growing region, an area nestled next to Ethiopia's better-known Yirgacheffe and Sidamo regions, from trees of the indigenous 74112 selection of Arabica, and processed by the washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). Kakalove Café is a nano-roaster located in the small city of Chia-Yi in Taiwan that strives to procure and roast the finest quality coffee. Visit www.kakalovecafe.com.tw or email [email protected] for more information.
Produced by various smallholding farmers in Nicaragua and Guatemala from trees of the Caturra, Catuai, Bourbon, Catimor, Pacamara, Maracaturra, Pacas, and Typica varieties of Arabica, all processed by the washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). Nostalgia Coffee Roasters is a woman-owned specialty coffee roaster founded by Taylor Fields in 2018 as a mobile café. Nostalgia is now focused on bringing exceptional coffee to folks around the world via its online store and wholesale program. Visit www.nostalgiacoffeeroasters.com for more information. 
A blend of coffees from a variety of origins using a variety of processing methods, including an Ethiopia natural, a washed Kenya and Colombia, and a Costa Rica yellow honey, roasted for espresso applications. In addition to his retail roasting operation, Aroma Roast Coffees, Simon Hsieh also operates Soaring Phoenix Trading, a business focused on purpose-built commercial espresso blends and high-quality single-origin coffees. Customers can also visit the new showroom, Chateau Andy, in Taipei City. Visit www.facebook.com/4ArtsZeroDefectCoffees or call 886-0983-749876 for more information.
Produced by smallholding farmers surrounding the Keramo Daye Bensa Washing Station owned by brothers Asefa and Mulugeta Dukamo from local heirloom varieties of Arabica, and processed by the natural method (dried in the whole fruit). Rusty Dog Coffee is a Madison, Wisconsin-based specialty coffee roaster. Visit www.rustydogcoffee.com for more information.
Produced by the Urena family from trees of the Red and Yellow Catuaí, Caturra and Villa Sarchi varieties of Arabica, and processed by the black honey method, in which the skins are removed from the fruit but virtually all of the fruit flesh or mucilage is allowed to dry on the beans. Rusty Dog Coffee is a Madison, Wisconsin-based specialty coffee roaster. Visit www.rustydogcoffee.com for more information.
Produced in the Guji growing region, an area nestled next to Ethiopia's better-known Yirgacheffe and Sidamo regions, largely from trees of distinctive indigenous landrace varieties of Arabica. Processed by the natural method (dried in the whole fruit). Modern Times is a well-loved, exuberantly inventive Point Loma, San Diego brewery that has long specialized in coffee-beer crossovers and overlaps. Visit www.moderntimescoffee.com for more information.
Produced by Faysel Abdosh from distinctive traditional Ethiopian landrace varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. This lot was processed by the anaerobic natural method, in which fermentation of the whole fruit occurs in a hermetically sealed vessel. Founded in 2013, modcup coffee focuses on fresh roasting and distinctive natural-processed coffees. Visit modcup.com for more information.
Produced by smallholding farmers and processed by the natural anaerobic method (whole fruit is fermented in hermetically sealed vessels before drying). Paradise prides itself on quality and freshness, craft-roasting coffees in small batches only after orders are placed. Visit www.paradiseroasters.com or call 763-433-0626 for more information. 
Produced by Rigoberto and Rodrigo Herrera of Finca Potosi entirely of the Colombia variety of Arabica, and processed by a “hybrid natural” method, simply meaning the coffee was both fermented and dried in the whole fruit. Roasted at PT’s Coffee, where the motto is “without the love, it’s just coffee.” Visit www.ptscoffee.com or call 888-678-JAVA for more information. 
Produced at Finca Jardines del Eden entirely of the Caturra variety of Arabica, and processed by an experimental variation on the fermented natural method that involves freezing the whole fruit for five days before drying. GK Coffee is a nano-roastery in Yilan, Taiwan that offers both retail and wholesale coffee. For more information, visit www.gkcoffee.com.tw or email [email protected] 
Produced by smallholding farmers entirely of the Pacas variety of Arabica, and processed by the natural method (dried in the whole fruit) at San Vicente Washing Station. Kakalove Café is a nano-roaster located in the small city of Chia-Yi in Taiwan that strives to procure and roast the finest quality coffee. Visit www.kakalovecafe.com.tw or email [email protected] for more information. 
A blend of three natural-processed Ethiopia coffees roasted for espresso. In addition to his retail roasting operation, Aroma Roast Coffees, Simon Hsieh also operates Soaring Phoenix Trading, a business focused on purpose-built commercial espresso blends and high-quality single-origin coffees. Customers can also visit the new showroom, Chateau Andy, in Taipei City. Visit www.facebook.com/4ArtsZeroDefectCoffees or call 886-0983-749876 for more information.
Produced by smallholding farmers around Durato Bombe Farm under the direction of Asefa and Mulugeta Dukamo largely from local landrace varieties of Arabica, and processed by the natural method (dried in the whole fruit). Barrington Coffee is an artisan roaster dedicated to elite coffees, fresh delivery and roasting that foregrounds the coffee and not the roast. Visit www.barringtoncoffee.com or call 800-528-0998 for more information.
Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one are largely produced from distinctive indigenous Ethiopian landrace varieties of Arabica long grown in their respective regions. This is a dry-processed or “natural” version, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit rather than after the fruit has been removed, as is the case with wet-processed or “washed” coffees. Felala Coffee Lab is an experimental roastery and coffee shop specializing in nano-lot coffees. Visit https://m.facebook.com/groups/4342401375773135/ for more information.
Produced by Karen and Lee Patterson, of Hula Daddy Farm, entirely of the Kona Typica variety of Arabica, and processed by the natural anaerobic method (whole fruit is fermented in hermetically sealed vessels before drying) with the addition of wine yeasts during fermentation. Hula Daddy is a boutique coffee producer with farms at the 1,400- and 2,500-foot levels of the Mount Hualalai volcano near the northern end of the Kona growing district, five minutes above the town of Kailua-Kona. Visit www.huladaddy.com or call 888-553-2339 for more information. This new coffee is available by email: [email protected]. 
Produced by Rigoberto and Rodrigo Herrera of Finca Potosi entirely of the Colombia variety of Arabica and processed by the natural method (dried in the whole fruit). modcup coffee, founded in 2013, focuses on fresh roasting and distinctive natural-processed coffees. Visit modcup.com for more information.
Produced at El Velo Farm by Hacienda La Esmeralda entirely of the celebrated Gesha (also spelled Geisha) variety of Arabica, and processed by the natural method (dried in the whole fruit). Roasted at PT’s Coffee, where the motto is “without the love, it’s just coffee.” Visit www.ptscoffee.com or call 888-678-JAVA for more information.
Produced at Uluwehi Coffee Farm entirely of the SL34 variety of Arabica and processed by a proprietary method, called “champagne natural,” in which fermentation using a wine yeast strain is applied to the whole fruit before it is dried. Paradise prides itself on quality and freshness, craft-roasting coffees in small batches only after orders are placed. Visit www.paradiseroasters.com or call 763-433-0626 for more information. 
Produced by smallholding farmers from local heirloom varieties of Arabica, and processed by the washed method at the Adado Washing Station. Merge is a specialty coffee roaster in Harrisonburg, Virginia dedicated to ethical sourcing of high-quality coffees. Visit www.mergecoffeeco.com for more information.
Produced by Don Luis Campos of Cordillera del Fuego farm and processed by the “thermic” method, in which beans, with skins removed, are heated with some of the fruit flesh or mucilage still adhering to them. The exposure to heat starts to break down the natural sugars of the mucilage, partially caramelizing it. Merge is a specialty coffee roaster in Harrisonburg, Virginia dedicated to ethical sourcing of high-quality coffees. Visit www.mergecoffeeco.com for more information.
Produced at Mimba Estate from trees of the admired Bourbon and Kent varieties of Arabica, and processed by the washed method. Founded in 1990, Roadmap CoffeeWorks, formerly Lexington Coffee Roasters, is an award-winning artisan roasting company based in Lexington, Virginia. Roadmap CoffeeWorks focuses on producing fresh, distinctive and sustainable coffees. Visit www.roadmapcoffeeworks.com or call 800-322-6505 for more information.
Produced at Finca Trinidad from trees of the Caturra and Catuai varieties of Arabica, and processed by the natural method (dried in the whole fruit). Founded in 1990, Roadmap CoffeeWorks, formerly Lexington Coffee Roasters, is an award-winning artisan roasting company based in Lexington, Virginia. Roadmap CoffeeWorks focuses on producing fresh, distinctive and sustainable coffees. Visit www.roadmapcoffeeworks.com or call 800-322-6505 for more information.
Produced in the Sidamo region growing region, largely from trees of indigenous landrace varieties of Arabica, and processed by the natural method (dried in the whole fruit). Founded in 1990, Roadmap CoffeeWorks, formerly Lexington Coffee Roasters, is an award-winning artisan roasting company based in Lexington, Virginia. Roadmap CoffeeWorks focuses on producing fresh, distinctive and sustainable coffees. Visit www.roadmapcoffeeworks.com or call 800-322-6505 for more information.
Produced by Wilder Lasso of Bella Alejandría Farm entirely of the Gesha variety of Arabica, and processed by the washed anaerobic method, in which the fermentation step occurs in a hermetically sealed vessel before the beans are washed and dried. Mostra Coffee is a women-, minority-, veteran-, and immigrant-owned micro-roaster based in north county San Diego. For more information, visit www.mostracoffee.com.
Despite grower discontent, unclear government coffee policy and urban encroachment on prime coffee lands, the famed Kenya coffee auction system and its participating cooperatives continue to produce some of the world's most elegant and distinctive coffees. Buon Caffe is a specialty coffee roaster and cafe, in Taipei. Visit www.buoncaffe.com.tw for more information.
Produced by Kalsada Coffee from trees of the Garnica variety of Arabica and processed by the anaerobic washed method (fermentation occurs in a hermetically sealed vessel). Mostra Coffee is a women-, minority-, veteran-, and immigrant-owned micro-roaster based in north county San Diego. For more information, visit www.mostracoffee.com.
Produced by Kalsada Coffee,from trees of the Typica and Bourbon varieties of Arabica, and processed by the anaerobic washed method (the fermentation step takes place in a hermetically sealed vessel). Mostra Coffee is a women-, minority-, veteran-, and immigrant-owned micro-roaster based in north county San Diego. For more information, visit www.mostracoffee.com.
Produced by Dota Estate entirely of the celebrated Geisha variety of Arabica, and processed by the honey method, in which the skin is stripped off the coffee fruit, but much of the fruit flesh is left to dry on the bean. Buon Caffe is a specialty coffee roaster and cafe in Taipei. Visit www.buoncaffe.com.tw for more information.
Produced from trees of the indigenous Ethiopian 74111 selection of Arabica. This is a wet-processed or “washed” coffee, meaning the fruit skin and pulp were removed from the beans immediately after harvesting and before drying. Buon Caffe is a specialty coffee roaster and cafe, in Taipei. Visit www.buoncaffe.com.tw/ for more information.
Produced by smallholding farmers surrounding the Palmichal micromill, and processed by the honey method, in which the skins are removed from the fruit but at least some of the sticky fruit flesh is allowed to dry on the beans. Jackrabbit Java selects the finest coffees from around the world and roasts them in Thermopolis, Wyoming’s mountain air. All Jackrabbit Java coffees are specialty-grade and roasted to order. Visit www.jackrabbitjava.com for more information. 
Produced by José Hernán Salazar Benavides and Marina Elina Ansasoy of Finca La Guaca entirely of the Ají (an Ethiopian landrace) variety of Arabica, and processed by the washed method. Founded in 1995 by Brooke McDonnell and Helen Russell, Equator Coffees operates retail stores in the San Francisco Bay Area and southern California and provides coffee to hundreds of wholesale accounts. Visit www.equatorcoffees.com or call 800-809-7687 for more information.
A blend of coffees from Costa Rica and Sumatra. Coffee Hound is a women-owned small business in Maine that offers both retail and wholesale specialty coffee. Visit www.coffeehoundcoffeeco.com.
Produced at Finca Santa Teresa and processed by the traditional washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). Jackrabbit Java selects the finest coffees from around the world and roasts them in Thermopolis, Wyoming’s mountain air. All Jackrabbit Java coffees are specialty-grade and roasted to order. Visit www.jackrabbitjava.com for more information. 
Produced at Zambia’s Ngoli estate and processed by the natural method (dried in the whole fruit); Rainforest Alliance-certified. Jackrabbit Java selects the finest coffees from around the world and roasts them in Thermopolis, Wyoming’s mountain air. All Jackrabbit Java coffees are specialty-grade and roasted to order. Visit www.jackrabbitjava.com for more information. 
This coffee was sourced by the importer Royal Coffee and decaffeinated at the Descamex plant in Mexico by a water-only process that does not involve use of solvents. Jackrabbit Java selects the finest coffees from around the world and roasts them in Thermopolis, Wyoming’s mountain air. All Jackrabbit Java coffees are specialty-grade and roasted to order. Visit www.jackrabbitjava.com for more information. 
A blend of coffees from Sumatra and Colombia. Coffee Hound is a women-owned small business in Maine that offers both retail and wholesale specialty coffee. Visit www.coffeehoundcoffeeco.com.
Produced by smallholding farmers of the Gathaithi Farmers Cooperative Society and processed at the Gathaithi washing station. Jaunt Coffee Roasters is a San Diego-based roaster and café with an extensive coffee and food menu. Visit www.jauntcoffee.com for more information.
Produced by smallholding farmer of the RAOS Cooperative from trees of the Bourbon, Catuaí, Caturra, Lempira, Ihcafe 90 and Typica varieties of Arabica, and processed by the traditional washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). Handlebar Coffee was founded in Santa Barbara in 2011 but two former professional cyclists, and the couple now operate two coffee shops with a third on the way later this year. Visit www.handlebarcoffee.com for more information. 
Produced by Alberto and Diego Guardia of Hacienda Sonora entirely of the Bourbon variety of Arabica, and processed by the honey method, in which the skins are removed from the fruit, but at least some of the sticky fruit flesh is allowed to dry on the beans. With more than 10 years of roasting experience, Regent strives to deliver coffee with care and purpose. Visit regentcoffee.com for more information.
Produced at Gatta Farm from trees of local landrace varieties of Arabica and processed by the honey method, in which the skins are removed from the fruit but at least some of the sticky fruit flesh is allowed to dry on the beans. Reverse Orangutan is a specialty coffee roaster based in Glendora, California, “a scrappy operation focused on delivering some serious gourmet shit.” Visit www.thereverseorangutan.com for more information.
Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one are largely produced from distinctive landrace Ethiopian varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. This is a natural-processed version (dried in the whole fruit). Espresso Republic, founded in 2010, specializes in sourcing quality coffees and roasting them in small batches for both retail and wholesale customers. Visit www.espressorepublic.com for more information. 
Produced at Finca Villabetuila and processed by the anaerobic honey method (beans, with skin removed, are fermented in a hermetically sealed container before drying). Branch Street Coffee Roasters is a small-batch specialty coffee roaster in Youngstown, Ohio.  Visit www.branchstreetcoffee.com for more information. 
Produced at Finca La Joya entirely of the Gesha variety of Arabica, and processed by the anaerobic natural method, in which the intact coffee fruit is fermented in an oxygen-free environment before drying. Barrington Coffee is an artisan roaster dedicated to elite coffees, fresh delivery and roasting that foregrounds the coffee and not the roast. Visit www.barringtoncoffee.com or call 800-528-0998 for more information.
A blend of coffees from Mexico, Ethiopia and Peru. Madness Roastworks is a specialty coffee roaster, coffee shop, and coffee consulting firm based in Sabah, Malaysia. Visit www.facebook.com/madnessroastworks for more information.
A blend of coffees from Mexico, Panama and Colombia. Madness Roastworks is a specialty coffee roaster, coffee shop, and coffee consulting firm based in Sabah, Malaysia. Visit www.facebook.com/madnessroastworks for more information.
A blend of coffees from Ethiopia, Panama and Peru. Madness Roastworks is a specialty coffee roaster, coffee shop, and coffee consulting firm based in Sabah, Malaysia. Visit www.facebook.com/madnessroastworks for more information.
Produced by Stefan Muller of Hacienda Bajo Mano entirely of the Gesha variety of Arabica, and processed by a proprietary method referred to as “static cherry,” a form of the anaerobic natural method. Roasted at PT’s Coffee, where the motto is “without the love, it’s just coffee.” Visit www.ptscoffee.com or call 888-678-JAVA for more information.
Produced at Finca La Mula entirely of the celebrated Geisha (also spelled Gesha) variety of Arabica, and processed by the traditional washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). GK Coffee is a nano-roastery in Yilan, Taiwan that offers both retail and wholesale coffee. For more information, visit www.gkcoffee.com.tw or email [email protected]
Produced at Hacienda La Esmeralda entirely of the Geisha variety of Arabica, and presented in a Nespresso-compatible capsule. This is a wet-processed or “washed” version (fruit skin and pulp are removed before drying). Difference Coffee aims to present only the finest of the world’s coffees as determined by green coffee competitions and other measures of distinction, tactfully roasted and presented in capsules compatible with Nespresso capsule brewing systems. For more information visit www.differencecoffee.com.
Produced at San Gabriel Farm entirely of the admired SL28 variety of Arabica, and processed by the anaerobic natural method (whole fruit is fermented with limited oxygen before drying). GK Coffee is a nano-roastery in Yilan, Taiwan that offers both retail and wholesale coffee. For more information, visit www.gkcoffee.com.tw or email [email protected]
Produced at San Gabriel Farm, from trees of the Caturra and Catuai varieties of Arabica, and processed by the anaerobic honey method (beans, skin removed, are fermented in a hermetically sealed container before drying). Cinnamon and pineapple also were added to the tank during fermentation. GK Coffee is a nano-roastery in Yilan, Taiwan that offers both retail and wholesale coffee. For more information, visit www.gkcoffee.com.tw or email [email protected]
A blend comprised of coffees from Brazil, Guatemala and Nicaragua. Dear John Coffee is located in Songshan, Taipei and provides one-stop coffee service, along with brewing and serving accessories and craft beer. Visit www.dearjohncoffee.com.tw for more information.
Produced by smallholding farmers entirely of the Red Bourbon variety of Arabica, and processed by the washed method with the addition during fermentation of a yeast called Intenso, which Lalcafe developed specifically for washed-process coffees. With more than 10 years of roasting experience, Regent strives to deliver coffee with care and purpose. Visit regentcoffee.com for more information.
Comprised entirely of the rare Pink Bourbon variety of Arabica and processed by the anaerobic natural method, in which fermentation of the whole fruit occurs in a hermetically sealed vessel. Jaunt Coffee Roasters is a San Diego-based roaster and café with an extensive coffee and food menu. Visit www.jauntcoffee.com for more information. 
Produced by smallholding farmers of the Kaboarore Commune entirely of the Bourbon variety of Arabica, and processed by the traditional washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). Jaunt Coffee Roasters is a San Diego-based roaster and café with an extensive coffee and food menu. Visit www.jauntcoffee.com for more information. 
Produced by Mario Andrade and Jose Martin Obando from trees of the Bourbon and Caturra varieties of Arabica, and processed by the traditional washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). Bird Rock Coffee Roasters is a retailer and wholesaler focused on organic and socially responsible coffees; it was awarded the “2012 Micro-Roaster of the Year” title by Roast Magazine. Visit www.birdrockcoffee.com or call 858-551-1707 for more information.
A blend of coffees from Ethiopia, Kenya, Bolivia and Panama, roasted for espresso applications. Quartet Kaffe is an artisan roastery in Taiwan founded in 2018, dedicated to pursuing coffee performance art and offering unique specialty coffee. Visit www.facebook.com/QuartetKaffe for more information.
Produced by smallholding farmers largely from local landrace varieties of Arabica, and processed at the Anasora Washing Station owned by Isreal Degefa utilizing a proprietary anaerobic natural method (whole fruit is fermented with limited oxygen before drying). Quartet Kaffe is an artisan roastery in Taiwan founded in 2018, dedicated to pursuing coffee performance art and offering unique specialty coffee. Visit www.facebook.com/QuartetKaffe for more information.
Produced by smallholding members of Asocafe Canet entirely of the Caturra variety of Arabica, and processed by the honey method, in which the skins are removed from the fruit but some of the fruit flesh (mucilage) is allowed to dry on the beans. Cafe Fugu is a nano-roaster and coffee shop based in Taipei, Taiwan. Visit www.facebook.com/cafefuguroasters for more information.
A blend of coffees from Colombia, Guatemala and Ethiopia roasted for espresso applications. Cafe Fugu is a nano-roaster and coffee shop based in Taipei, Taiwan. Visit www.facebook.com/cafefuguroasters for more information.
Produced by small-holding farmers largely from trees of indigenous landrace varieties of Arabica long grown in the region, and processed by the honey method (skins are removed but at least some of the sticky fruit flesh is allowed to dry on the beans). Kakalove Café is a nano-roaster located in the small city of Chia-Yi in Taiwan that strives to procure and roast the finest quality coffee. Visit www.kakalovecafe.com.tw or email [email protected] for more information.
Produced at Ching-Ye farm in Taiwan entirely of the SL34 variety of Arabica and processed by the natural method (dried in the whole fruit). Kakalove Café is a nano-roaster located in the small city of Chia-Yi in Taiwan that strives to procure and roast the finest quality coffee. Visit www.kakalovecafe.com.tw or email [email protected] for more information.
Trident’s tagline is “All Ahead. All Together.” Coffees are sold online, in its TapRooms, and in +1200 locations around the country. Visit www.tridentcoffee.com for more information.
Trident’s tagline is “All Ahead. All Together.” Coffees are sold online, in its TapRooms, and in +1200 locations around the country. Visit www.tridentcoffee.com for more information.
100% Red Bourbon grown by Leo Norberte of JN Coffee Farm and processed by Miguel Meza employing a proprietary anaerobic natural process that involves inoculation with wine yeast strains. Paradise prides itself on quality and freshness, craft-roasting coffees in small batches only after orders are placed. Visit www.paradiseroasters.com or call 763-433-0626 for more information.
Yirgacheffe coffees like this one are largely produced from traditional Ethiopian landrace varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. This is a wet-processed or “washed” version (fruit skin and flesh are removed before drying). JBC Coffee Roasters’ vision is simple: “let the coffee lead the way” through sourcing and roasting the best and most unique coffees available and rewarding the farmers who grow those coffees with substantial premiums. Visit www.jbccoffeeroasters.com or call 608-256-5282 for more information.
Produced by Albeiro de Jesus Ramirez Aguirre of Finca El Roble entirely of the local Chiroso variety of Arabica, and processed by the washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed before drying). Paradise prides itself on quality and freshness, craft-roasting coffees in small batches only after orders are placed. Visit www.paradiseroasters.com or call 763-433-0626 for more information.
Produced by smallholding farmers largely from trees of indigenous landrace varieties of Arabica long grown in the region, and processed by the washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). 1980 Cafe is a Tainan City, Taiwan-based specialty coffee roaster. Visit https://www.1980cafetw.com for more information.
Produced by smallholding farmers entirely of the Karamo Variety 74158, and processed by the natural method (dried in the whole fruit). 1980 Cafe is a Tainan City, Taiwan-based specialty coffee roaster. Visit https://www.1980cafetw.com for more information.
Grown in the West Valley region of Costa Rica and processed by the natural method (dried in the whole fruit). 1980 Cafe is a Tainan City, Taiwan-based specialty coffee roaster. Visit https://www.1980cafetw.com for more information.
Produced at Hacienda La Minita entirely of the Caturra variety of Arabica, and processed by the honey method, in which the skin is stripped off the coffee fruit but some of the fruit flesh is left to dry on the beans. RamsHead Coffee Roasters is a family-owned company founded by Bozeman, Montana natives Caleb and Laura Walker that specializes in direct trade microlot coffees. For more information, visit www.ramsheadcoffee.com. 
Produced by smallholding farmers surrounding the Karambi Washing Station (two-thirds of whom are women) entirely of the Bourbon variety of Arabica, and processed by the natural method (dried in the whole fruit). RamsHead Coffee Roasters is a family-owned company founded by Bozeman, Montana natives Caleb and Laura Walker that specializes in direct trade microlot coffees. For more information, visit www.ramsheadcoffee.com. 
A blend composed of two washed-process coffees (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried), one from El Salvador and one from Costa Rica. RamsHead Coffee Roasters is a family-owned company founded by Bozeman, Montana natives Caleb and Laura Walker that specializes in direct trade microlot coffees. For more information, visit www.ramsheadcoffee.com. 
Produced by Aida Batlle at La Florida Farm from trees of the Bourbon and Pacas varieties of Arabica, and processed by the natural method (dried in the whole fruit). Moore Coffee is a roast-to-order artisan coffee roasting company with a well-developed Internet business and wholesale accounts. Visit www.moorecoffee.com or call 800-994-8060 for more information.
Produced by Felipe Trujillo of La Ventolera Farm entirely of the Geisha variety of Arabica, and processed by the natural method (dried in the whole fruit). Nostalgia Coffee Roasters is a woman-owned specialty coffee roaster founded by Taylor Fields in 2018 as a mobile café. Nostalgia is now focused on bringing exceptional coffee to folks around the world via its online store and wholesale program. Visit www.nostalgiacoffeeroasters.com for more information.
Produced in the Guji growing region, nestled next to Ethiopia's better-known Yirgacheffe and Sidamo regions, from indigenous landrace varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. Processed by the traditional washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). Certified USDA and CCOF organic. Bird Rock Coffee Roasters is a retailer and wholesaler focused on organic and socially responsible coffees; it was awarded the “2012 Micro-Roaster of the Year” title by Roast Magazine. Visit www.birdrockcoffee.com or call 858-551-1707 for more information.
Produced by smallholding farmers from the Kurume and Welicho selections of Ethiopia landrace varieties of Arabica, and processed at the Raro Boda washing station by the traditional washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). St1 Cafe and Work Room is based in Tainan City, Taiwan, offering customers top-quality coffee in a cafe environment conducive to remote work. Visit www.st1cafe.com for more information.
Produced by Rene Contreras on the family farm in Monte Verde and processed by the traditional washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). Speedwell Coffee, based in Plymouth, Massachusetts, is a wholesale and retail specialty roaster particularly dedicated to offering attractive coffee subscription plans. For more information, visit www.speedwellcoffee.com.
Produced by smallholding farmers from several varieties of Arabica, including the
Produced by smallholding farmers from trees of the Gayo 1, Gayo 2, Catimor and  Abyssinia varieties of Arabica and processed by the traditional washed method, rather than the wet-hulled variation more typical in Sumatra. JBC Coffee Roasters’ vision is simple: “let the coffee lead the way” through sourcing and roasting the best and most unique coffees available and rewarding the farmers who grow those coffees with substantial premiums. Visit www.jbccoffeeroasters.com or call 608-256-5282 for more information.
Produced by smallholding farmers of the Bourbon, Catimor and Typica varieties of Arabica, and processed by the natural method (dried in the whole fruit). Founded in 1994, Coffee By Design is a specialty coffee roaster in Portland, Maine that also operates three coffee shops in town, as well as one in Freeport. Visit www.coffeebydesign.com. 
Produced by smallholding farmers from local heirloom varieties of Arabica and processed by the natural anaerobic method, wherein whole fruit is fermented with limited oxygen before drying. Founded in 1994, Coffee By Design is a specialty coffee roaster in Portland, Maine that also operates three coffee shops in town, as well as one in Freeport. Visit www.coffeebydesign.com. 
Produced by Robeiro Sarmiento and processed by the traditional washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). Founded in 1994, Coffee By Design is a specialty coffee roaster in Portland, Maine that also operates three coffee shops in town, as well as one in Freeport. Visit www.coffeebydesign.com.
Produced at Mercafe Lotus Farms of 100% Arabica coffee, and processed by the traditional washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). Peach Coffee Roasters is an Atlanta, Georgia-based specialty roaster. Visit www.peachcoffeeroasters.com for more information.
Produced by the Nano Genji cooperative in Ethiopia’s Jimma Zone. Ethiopia coffees like this one are produced largely from local, indigenous varieties of Arabica. Processed by the wet or washed method (fruit skin and pulp are removed before drying). Certified organic. JBC Coffee Roasters’ vision is simple: “let the coffee lead the way” through sourcing and roasting the best and most unique coffees available and rewarding the farmers who grow those coffees with substantial premiums. Visit www.jbccoffeeroasters.com or call 608-256-5282 for more information.
Produced from trees of the celebrated Ethiopia-derived botanical variety Geisha (also spelled Gesha) by farmer Roberto Brenes of Auromar Estate. With its generally elongated beans and distinctive floral and crisp, often chocolaty cup, the Geisha/Gesha variety continues to distinguish itself as one of the world’s most unique coffees. This is a dry-processed or “natural” version, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit rather than after the fruit has been removed, as is the case with wet-processed or “washed” coffees. Now based in Henderson, Nevada, Dragonfly Coffee was named 2019 Micro-Roaster of the Year by Roast magazine. Visit https://dragonflycoffeeroasters.com or call 303-579-2154 for more information. 
Produced by Angela Suarez of Finca Tío Conejo from trees of the Yellow Caturra variety of Arabica, and processed by the washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). JBC Coffee Roasters’ vision is simple: “let the coffee lead the way” through sourcing and roasting the best and most unique coffees available and rewarding the farmers who grow those coffees with substantial premiums. Visit www.jbccoffeeroasters.com or call 608-256-5282 for more information.
Produced from trees of the still rare Ethiopia-derived botanical variety Geisha (also spelled Gesha) by farmer Roberto Brenes of Auromar Estate. With its generally elongated beans and distinctive floral and crisp, often chocolaty cup, the Geisha/Gesha variety continues to distinguish itself as one of the world’s most unique coffees. This is a traditional washed version (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). Now based in Henderson, Nevada, Dragonfly Coffee was named 2019 Micro-Roaster of the Year by Roast magazine. Visit https://dragonflycoffeeroasters.com or call 303-579-2154 for more information. 
Produced by Galo Morales, Maria Alexandra Rivera and family at Finca Cruz Loma from trees of the Typica and Sidra varieties of Arabica, and processed by the anaerobic washed method, in which the fermentation step occurs in a hermetically sealed vessel before the beans are washed and dried. JBC Coffee Roasters’ vision is simple: “let the coffee lead the way” through sourcing and roasting the best and most unique coffees available and rewarding the farmers who grow those coffees with substantial premiums. Visit www.jbccoffeeroasters.com or call 608-256-5282 for more information.
A blend of two natural-processed coffees from Ethiopia and Costa Rica. Desolate Café is a specialty roaster in Nantou, Taiwan. The shop offers coffee, homemade desserts, and other foods. For more information, visit www.desolatecoffee.com.
The Yirgacheffe region produces distinctive coffees from traditional landrace varieties of Arabica long grown in the area. This is a “natural” or dry-processed version, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit rather than after the fruit has been removed, as is the case with wet-processed or “washed” coffees. Desolate Café is a specialty roaster in Nantou, Taiwan. The shop offers coffee, homemade desserts, and other foods. For more information, visit www.desolatecoffee.com.
A blend of coffees from Sumatra and Colombia, aged in whiskey casks. Desolate Café is a specialty roaster in Nantou, Taiwan. The shop offers coffee, homemade desserts, and other foods. For more information, visit www.desolatecoffee.com.
Located in Kountze, Texas, 90 miles northeast of Houston, Brand 425 is a small-batch coffee roaster committed to “Texas-style” craft coffee. This blend is comprised of coffees from Sumatra and Ethiopia. Visit www.brand425.com for more information.
Coffee from trees of the botanical variety Geisha (also Gesha) grown on Hacienda La Esmeralda in Panama first introduced this extraordinary variety of Arabica to the world. With its bold, boat-shaped beans and distinctive floral and crisply cocoa-toned cup, the Geisha/Gesha continues to be one of the world’s most celebrated and sought-after coffee varieties, and the Esmeralda versions remain among the most authentic. This is a wash-processed version. Quartet Kaffe is an artisan roastery in Taiwan founded in 2018, dedicated to pursuing coffee performance art and offering unique specialty coffee. Visit www.facebook.com/QuartetKaffe for more information.
CafeTaster is a Taiwan-based specialty roaster and certified SCA training facility. For more information, visit www.facebook.com/cafetaster or email roaster Jerry Huang at [email protected] 
Produced by Alejandro Martinez Anaya entirely of the Mundo Maya variety of Arabica, and processed by the traditional washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). JBC Coffee Roasters’ vision is simple: “let the coffee lead the way” through sourcing and roasting the best and most unique coffees available and rewarding the farmers who grow those coffees with substantial premiums. Visit www.jbccoffeeroasters.com or call 608-256-5282 for more information.
Produced by Luis Pedro Zelaya Zamora entirely of the Bourbon variety of Arabica and processed by the traditional washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). JBC Coffee Roasters’ vision is simple: “let the coffee lead the way” through sourcing and roasting the best and most unique coffees available and rewarding the farmers who grow those coffees with substantial premiums. Visit www.jbccoffeeroasters.com or call 608-256-5282 for more information.
Produced entirely from trees of the Red Bourbon variety of Arabica and grown on Hula Daddy’s higher elevation farm; processed by the washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). This presentation of the coffee is named for co-owner Karen Paterson, whose middle name is Jue and whose favorite coffee is the Red Bourbon. Hula Daddy is a boutique coffee producer with farms at the 1,400 and 2,500-foot levels of the Mount Hualalai volcano near the northern end of the Kona growing district, five minutes above the town of Kailua-Kona. Visit www.huladaddy.com or call 888-553-2339 for more information.
Produced at La Bastilla Coffee Estate and processed by the anaerobic natural method, in which the whole fruit is fermented in a hermetically sealed vessel before drying. RamsHead Coffee Roasters is a family-owned company founded by Bozeman, Montana natives Caleb and Laura Walker that specializes in direct trade microlot coffees. For more information, visit www.ramsheadcoffee.com. 
Southern Ethiopia coffees like this one are largely produced from traditional Ethiopian landrace varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. Processed by the natural anaerobic method, wherein whole fruit is fermented with limited oxygen before drying. Established in 2010, Red Rooster is an organic-certified micro-roaster focusing on socially conscious, high-quality coffee. Visit redroostercoffee.com or call 540-745-7338 for more information.
Produced by Jorge Elias Rojas entirely of the Geisha variety of Arabica, and processed by a 180-hour anaerobic method in which the whole coffee fruit is fermented in hermetically sealed containers before being dried. Jaunt Coffee Roasters is a San Diego-based roaster and café with an extensive coffee and food menu. Visit www.jauntcoffee.com for more information.
Produced by smallholding farmers under the direction of longtime Guji coffee farmer and mill manager Kedir Hassan from local heirloom varieties of Arabica, and processed by the traditional washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). Jaunt Coffee Roasters is a San Diego-based roaster and café with an extensive coffee and food menu. Visit www.jauntcoffee.com for more information.
Produced by José Giraldo and Jorge Correa and processed by the anaerobic ferment method at “La Clarita” drying station in Quindío. Founded in 1990, Roadmap CoffeeWorks, formerly Lexington Coffee Roasters, is an award-winning artisan roasting company based in Lexington, Virginia. Roadmap CoffeeWorks focuses on producing fresh, distinctive and sustainable coffees. Visit www.roadmapcoffeeworks.com or call 800-322-6505 for more information.
Produced by smallholding members of Fundación Agraria y Ambiental Para el Desarrollo Sostenible (FUDAM) from trees of the Caturra and Castillo varieties of Arabica, and processed by the traditional washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). Founded in 1990, Roadmap CoffeeWorks, formerly Lexington Coffee Roasters, is an award-winning artisan roasting company based in Lexington, Virginia. Roadmap CoffeeWorks focuses on producing fresh, distinctive and sustainable coffees. Visit www.roadmapcoffeeworks.com or call 800-322-6505 for more information.
Produced by Walther Acuña from trees of the Bourbon, Caturra and Pache varieties of Arabica, and processed by the traditional washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). Founded in 1990, Roadmap CoffeeWorks, formerly Lexington Coffee Roasters, is an award-winning artisan roasting company based in Lexington, Virginia. Roadmap CoffeeWorks focuses on producing fresh, distinctive and sustainable coffees. Visit www.roadmapcoffeeworks.com or call 800-322-6505 for more information.
Produced by smallholding farmers from trees of the Gayo 1, Gayo 2, Catimor and Abyssinia varieties of Arabica and processed by the honey method, in which the skins are removed from the fruit but some of the fruit flesh (mucilage) is allowed to dry on the beans. Buon Caffe is a specialty coffee roaster and cafe in Taipei, Taiwan. Visit www.buoncaffe.com.tw for more information.
Produced in the Guji growing region, an area nestled next to Ethiopia's better-known Yirgacheffe and Sidamo regions, from trees of the indigenous 74112 selection of Arabica. Processed by the natural method (dried in the whole fruit). Buon Caffe is a specialty coffee roaster and cafe, in Taipei. Visit www.buoncaffe.com.tw for more information. 
Produced by smallholding farmers in Bombe Kebele village in the Bensa District of the Sidama Zone from selections of landrace varieties of Arabica native to Ethiopia. Processed by the natural method (sun-dried in the whole fruit). Founded by Paul Massard and Chris Nolte, Per’la focuses on meticulous sourcing and roasting fine coffees in small batches. Visit www.drinkperla.com for more information.
Produced by smallholding members of the Timuza Coffee Cooperative from trees of the respected Arusha variety, and processed by the traditional washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). Magnolia Coffee is a Charlotte-based specialty roaster whose mission is to use sustainably sourced coffees to make a difference in the lives of coffee workers and to foster a socially conscious community with cause-supporting coffees. Visit www.magnoliacoffeeco.com for more information.
Produced by smallholding farmers from selections of indigenous landrace varieties of Arabica and processed by the traditional washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). Cup to Cup Coffee Roasters, “Where One Cup Leads to Another,” was founded by coffee enthusiast James Spano in 2009 as a specialty roastery. A retail location was added in 2016. Visit www.cuptocupcoffee.com for more information.  
Southern Ethiopia produces distinctive coffees from largely indigenous, traditional selections of Arabica long grown in the region. Coffees like this one, processed by the traditional wet or washed method (fruit skin and pulp is removed before drying), typically express great aromatic complexity and intensity. Evie’s Café, based in Chia-Yi Taiwan, specializes in fine roasted coffees as well as pour-overs and cold brews. Visit https://m.facebook.com/eviescafe88/ for more information.
Produced by smallholding farmers around the Mirado Village and washing station from selections of indigenous Ethiopian landrace varieties of Arabica, and processed by the traditional washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). Certified organically grown. Fieldheads Coffee Company, based in Bigfork, Montana, features high-altitude-grown and high-altitude-roasted craft coffees. For more information, visit https://fieldheadscoffee.com/.
Produced by smallholding farmers in Bombe village in the Bensa District of the Sidama (also Sidamo) Zone from selections of indigenous landrace varieties of Arabica native to Ethiopia and processed by the traditional washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). MK Coffee Roasters, a short walk from the Shulin train station in New Taipei City, specializes in high-quality roasted beans to take home and expertly brewed coffees to enjoy in the café. Visit www.facebook.com/MKCoffeeRoasters or e-mail [email protected] for more information.
Produced on Baroida Estate from a range of traditional varieties of Arabica, and processed by the natural method (sun-dried in the whole fruit), an atypical method for Papua New Guinea. Established in 2010, Red Rooster is an organic-certified micro-roaster focusing on socially conscious, high-quality coffee. Visit redroostercoffee.com or call 540-745-7338 for more information.
Produced by smallholding members of the UNECAFE Cooperative, from trees of the Typica, Bourbon, Caturra, Mundo Novo and Marsellesa varieties of Arabica, and processed by the washed method. Certified organic. Wonderstate Coffee, formerly Kickapoo Coffee, is an award-winning roaster based in rural Wisconsin known for its commitment to guaranteeing higher pay for farmers and being the country’s first 100% solar-powered roastery. Visit wonderstate.com for more information.
Produced by smallholding members of the TAMBOR Cooperative, from trees of the Bourbon, Catuai, Caturra, Typica and Mundo Novo varieties of Arabica, and processed by the natural method (dried in the whole fruit). Mostra Coffee is a women-, minority-, veteran-, and immigrant-owned micro-roaster based in north county San Diego. For more information, visit www.mostracoffee.com.
Produced by smallholding members of the Union de Productores Las Flores, from trees of the Mundo Novo, Bourbon and Typica varieties of Arabica, and processed by the washed method. Certified organic. Lone Coffee is an Escondido, California-based specialty micro-roaster with an adjacent coffee shop, Kettle Coffee & Tea. Visit www.lonecoffee.com for more information.
Sourced from family-owned farms organized around the Grupo de Asesores de Producción Orgánica y Sustentables (GRAPOS), a farmers’ group operating in the municipalities of Unión Juárez, Cacahoatan, and Tapachula located within the state of Chiapas, Mexico. Comprised of coffees from the Bourbon, Catuai, Caturra and Typica varieties of Arabica, and processed by the washed method. Certified FTO (Fair Trade/Organic.)  Water Street Coffee was founded in Kalamazoo, Michigan in 1993 around the values of quality, creativity and community. Visit www.waterstreetcoffee.com for more information.
Produced by smallholding members of the Gachatha Farmers’ Cooperative Society from trees of the SL28, SL34 and Ruiru 11 varieties of Arabica, and processed by the washed method. JBC Coffee Roasters’ vision is simple: “let the coffee lead the way” through sourcing and roasting the best and most unique coffees available and rewarding the farmers who grow those coffees with substantial premiums. Visit www.jbccoffeeroasters.com or call 608-256-5282 for more information. 
Composed entirely of the celebrated Geisha variety of Arabica, and processed by a hybrid yellow honey method, in which skins are removed, but a thin layer of the sticky fruit flesh is allowed to remain on the beans during a brief fermentation step, during which mandarin peel was added to the ferment tank. Cafe Kreyol is a roaster in Manassas, Virginia with the mission of creating sustainable employment by way of specialty coffee. Visit www.cafekreyol.com or call 571-719-7018 for more information.
Comprised entirely of beans from the rare Sudan Rume, a presumably very old variety of Arabica originally selected from wild trees growing on the Boma Plateau of Sudan, close to the border with Ethiopia. Produced by Rigoberto Herrera at Granja La Esperanza in Colombia and processed by the natural method (dried in the whole fruit). Nostalgia Coffee Roasters is a woman-owned specialty coffee roaster founded by Taylor Fields in 2018 as a mobile café. Nostalgia is now focused on bringing exceptional coffee to folks around the world via its online store and wholesale program. Visit www.nostalgiacoffeeroasters.com for more information.
Produced by Salvador Cruz Rimarachin of El Duende Farm from trees of the Yellow Caturra, Mundo Novo and Typica varieties of Arabica, and processed by the washed method. JBC Coffee Roasters’ vision is simple: “let the coffee lead the way” through sourcing and roasting the best and most unique coffees available and rewarding the farmers who grow those coffees with substantial premiums. Visit www.jbccoffeeroasters.com or call 608-256-5282 for more information. 
A blend of coffees from the Dominican Republic (Ramirez Estate) and Honduras (18 Rabbits Cooperative), the former processed by the natural method (beans are dried in the whole fruit) and aged, and the latter processed by the washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). Cafe Kreyol is a roaster in Manassas, Virginia with the mission of creating sustainable employment by way of specialty coffee. Visit www.cafekreyol.com or call 571-719-7018 for more information.
Produced by Marta Bayter and her sons, Shady and Elias, of Vergel Estate, entirely of the Caturra variety of Arabica, and processed by the anaerobic natural method (whole fruit is fermented with limited oxygen before drying). Cafe Kreyol is a roaster in Manassas, Virginia with the mission of creating sustainable employment by way of specialty coffee. Visit www.cafekreyol.com or call 571-719-7018 for more information.
Produced by smallholding members of the COOPACVOD cooperative entirely of the Haitian Blue variety of Arabica, and processed by the washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). Certified USDA organic; shade grown. Cafe Kreyol is a roaster in Manassas, Virginia with the mission of creating sustainable employment by way of specialty coffee. Visit www.cafekreyol.com or call 571-719-7018 for more information.
Produced and roasted at Kona View Farm by Randy Phillips. Consists entirely of the Kona Typica variety of Arabica processed by the washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). Kona View Coffee is a farm and roastery in Holualoa, Hawai’i. Visit www.konaviewcoffee.com for more information.
Fair trade and Rainforest Alliance-certified. Produced by a women-run sub-group of the COCAGI Cooperative in the Rusizi district of Western Province, Rwanda from trees of the BM 139, RAB C15 and Jackson 2/1257 varieties of Arabica, and processed by the natural method (dried in the whole fruit). Located in southwestern Colorado, Durango Coffee lays claim to a rich coffee history that dates to 1986. Its motto is “Tough Town, Great Coffee.” Visit www.durangocoffee.com or call 800-748-2275 for more information. 
Produced by Yoseph Tilahun from trees of the 74112, 74110 and other local landrace varieties of Arabica, and processed by the natural method (dried in the whole fruit). GK Coffee is a nano-roastery in Yilan, Taiwan that offers both retail and wholesale coffee. For more information, visit www.gkcoffee.com.tw or email [email protected] 
Produced by Fabian Rodriquez of Finca Filadelfia entirely of the Pink Bourbon variety of Arabica, and processed by the washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). Bird Rock Coffee Roasters is a retailer and wholesaler focused on organic and socially responsible coffees; it was awarded the “2012 Micro-Roaster of the Year” title by Roast Magazine. Visit www.birdrockcoffee.com or call 858-551-1707 for more information.
Produced at Pingtung BA LU NA farm entirely of the Typica variety of Arabica and processed by the washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). inLove Cafe is a private coffee brand from Carrefour Taiwan. Visit www.carrefour.com.tw/inlovecafe for more information.
Southern Ethiopia produces distinctive coffees from selections of indigenous, traditional selections of Arabica long grown in the region. Coffees like this one, processed by the traditional wet or washed method (fruit skin and pulp is removed before drying), typically express great aromatic complexity and intensity. Muka Coffee, based in Pingtung Changzhi Taiwan, specializes in high-quality roasted coffees. Visit www.facebook.com/coffeemuka for more information.
A blend of four coffees: washed Ethiopia, Guatemala and Colombia, and a semi-washed Brazil, roasted for espresso applications. Muka Coffee, based in Pingtung Changzhi Taiwan, specializes in high-quality roasted coffees. Visit facebook.com/coffeemuka for more information.
Produced by the Hassen family at their estate farm in the Guji Zone from distinctive selections of landrace varieties of Arabica long grown in the region, and processed by the washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). Founded in 2011, Yellow Brick Coffee is a specialty roaster and cafe in Tucson, Arizona. Visit www.yellowbrickcoffee.com for more information.
 Despite grower discontent, unclear government coffee policy and urban encroachment on prime coffee lands, the famed Kenya coffee auction system and its participating cooperatives continue to produce some of the world's most elegant and distinctive coffees. CafeTaster is a Taiwan-based specialty roaster and certified SCA training facility. For more information, visit www.facebook.com/cafetaster or email roaster Jerry Huang at [email protected]
A blend of Arabica coffees from Thailand, Vietnam and Latin America designed as a dark-end-of-medium espresso ideal for milk drinks. Paradise prides itself on quality and freshness, craft-roasting coffees in small batches only after orders are placed. Visit www.paradiseroasters.com or call 763-433-0626 for more information.
Despite grower discontent, unclear government coffee policy and urban encroachment on prime coffee lands, the famed Kenya coffee auction system and its participating cooperatives continue to produce some of the world's most elegant and distinctive coffees. Dory Coffee Roasters is a Taipei-based nano-roaster of specialty coffee. For more information, visit www.facebook.com/dorycoffee99/.
Produced at Finca Flora entirely of the Typica variety of Arabica, and processed by the traditional washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). Chousin Coffee Collection is a specialty coffee roaster and cafe in Xinbei, Taiwan. Visit www.facebook.com/kaffee.collection for more information.
Produced by Toi Nguyen of Future Coffee Farm entirely of coffee of the Robusta species. Processed by the carbonic maceration method, which involves fermenting whole coffee fruit inside a sealed container that has been flushed with CO2, then drying the coffee, still in the whole fruit. Paradise prides itself on quality and freshness, craft-roasting coffees in small batches only after orders are placed. Visit www.paradiseroasters.com or call 763-433-0626 for more information.
Despite grower discontent and urban encroachment on prime coffee lands, Kenya continues to produce some of the world’s most elegant and distinctive coffees. Chousin Coffee Collection is a specialty coffee roaster and cafe in Xinbei, Taiwan. Visit www.facebook.com/kaffee.collection for more information.
Produced by Kraig Lee and Franck Carisey entirely of the SL34 variety of Arabica, and processed by the washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried) with the addition of wine yeasts during fermentation. Big Island Coffee is an award-winning coffee roaster operated with hands-on passion by Kelleigh Stewart and Brandon von Damitz. Visit www.bigislandcoffeeroasters.com for more information.
Produced by Franck Carisey of Uluwehi Farm entirely of the Red Bourbon variety of Arabica, and processed by the traditional washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried) with the addition of wine yeasts during fermentation. Big Island Coffee is an award-winning coffee roaster operated with hands-on passion by Kelleigh Stewart and Brandon von Damitz. Visit www.bigislandcoffeeroasters.com for more information.
Kakalove Café is a nano-roaster located in the small city of Chia-Yi in Taiwan that strives to procure and roast the finest quality coffee. Visit www.kakalovecafe.com.tw or email [email protected] for more information.
Produced by smallholding farmers of the Kata Muduga Cooperative in Ethiopia’s Jimma Zone, from local heirloom varieties of Arabica, and processed by the washed method. Temple Coffee is a quality-focused retail and wholesale specialty roaster active in Sacramento, California since 2005. Committed to sourcing, roasting and brewing the finest coffees, Temple features coffee from distinguished single estates and cooperatives around the world. Visit www.templecoffee.com or call 916-454-1282 for more information.
Produced by smallholding farmers entirely of the 74110 variety of Arabica, and processed by the natural method (dried in the whole fruit). Kakalove Café is a nano-roaster located in the small city of Chia-Yi in Taiwan that strives to procure and roast the finest quality coffee. Visit www.kakalovecafe.com.tw or email [email protected] for more information.
Produced by Tamiru Tadesse entirely from the 74158 variety of Arabica, and processed by the natural method (dried in the whole fruit) exclusively for this roaster. Kakalove Café is a nano-roaster located in the small city of Chia-Yi in Taiwan that strives to procure and roast the finest quality coffee. Visit www.kakalovecafe.com.tw or email [email protected] for more information.
Temple Coffee is a quality-focused retail and wholesale specialty roaster active in Sacramento, California since 2005. Committed to sourcing, roasting and brewing the finest coffees, Temple features coffee from distinguished single estates and cooperatives around the world. Visit www.templecoffee.com or call 916-454-1282 for more information.
A blend of coffees produced by Finca El General in Acatenango, Guatemala and processed by the wet or washed method (fruit skin and pulp are removed before drying).   Kakalove Café is a nano-roaster located in the small city of Chia-Yi in Taiwan that strives to procure and roast the finest quality coffee. Visit www.kakalovecafe.com.tw or email [email protected] for more information. 
Produced by Finca El General in Acatenango, Guatemala entirely of the Pacamara variety of Arabica, and processed by the wet or washed method (fruit skin and pulp are removed before drying). Kakalove Café is a nano-roaster located in the small city of Chia-Yi in Taiwan that strives to procure and roast the finest quality coffee. Visit www.kakalovecafe.com.tw or email [email protected] for more information. 
Produced by smallholding farmers, from trees of the Bourbon, Caturra, Typica and Catuai varieties of Arabica, and processed by the washed method. Temple Coffee is a quality-focused retail and wholesale specialty roaster active in Sacramento, California since 2005. Committed to sourcing, roasting and brewing the finest coffees, Temple features coffee from distinguished single estates and cooperatives around the world. Visit www.templecoffee.com or call 916-454-1282 for more information.
Produced by Feliciano Adamo of Finca Cerro Azul from trees of the Bourbon, Typica and Oro Azteca varieties of Arabica, and processed by the anaerobic natural method, in which the whole fruit is fermented in a hermetically sealed vessel before drying. Revel Coffee is a micro-roaster located in Billings, Montana. Its motto: “Quality is paramount – a difference you can revel in.” Visit www.revelcoffee.com or call 406-534-9621 for more information.
Produced by smallholding members of the Maya Vinic Cooperative from trees of the Typica, Caturra and Mundo Novo varieties of Arabica, and processed by the traditional washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). Certified organic and Fair Trade. The company name Amavida combines the Spanish words for love and life, reflecting Amavida’s multifaceted commitment to fairness and fine coffee. For more information, visit www.amavida.com or call 850-213-1965.
Produced by smallholding farmers in the Los Altos region of Chiapas from trees of the Caturra, Catuai and Sarchimor varieties of Arabica, and processed by the semi-washed, or “miel” (honey) method, in which in which the skins are removed from the fruit but some of the fruit flesh (mucilage) is allowed to dry on the beans. Badbeard's Microroastery is a Portland, Oregon-based small-batch roaster focused on quality and freshness. Badbeard's encourages its customers to "make great coffee at home." Visit www.badbeardscoffee.com for more information.
Produced by Byeong Soo Kim of Don Rafa Farm entirely of the Pache variety of Arabica, and processed by the natural method (beans are dried in the whole fruit). Roaster Yu Chih Hao is co-founder of Fumi Coffee, a roaster in Hsinchu, Taiwan specializing in specialty coffee and homemade desserts. Visit https://m.facebook.com/fumicafe035586631/ for more information.
Produced by smallholding members of Cafe Capitan, a Chiapas cooperative, entirely from trees of the Maragogype variety of Arabica, and processed by the washed method. Certified organic. Speckled Ax is a roaster based in Portland, Maine, specializing in high-quality certified organic and small-lot coffees. The company roasts in a vintage wood-fired Petroncini roaster with the goal of highlighting each coffee’s best attributes. Visit www.speckledax.com for more information.
Produced by smallholding members of the Gikanda Farmers Cooperative Society from trees of the SL28, SL34 and Ruiru 11 varieties of Arabica, and processed by the traditional washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried) at the Gichithaini mill. Vivid Coffee Roasters is a wholesale and retail roaster and café based in Burlington, Vermont. Visit www.vividcoffee.com for more information.
Produced at Finca Cerro Azul (also owners of Granja La Esperanza), entirely of the Enano (dwarf Geisha) variety of Arabica, and processed by the washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). Founded in 1995 by Brooke McDonnell and Helen Russell, Equator Coffees operates retail stores in the San Francisco Bay Area and southern California and provides coffee to hundreds of wholesale accounts. Visit www.equatorcoffees.com or call 800-809-7687 for more information.
Produced at Incahuasi Farm from trees of the Typica, Bourbon and Caturra varieties of Arabica, and processed by the natural method (dried in the whole fruit). Based in Phoenix, Arizona, Press Coffee roasts in small batches to ensure the highest quality and consistency, while sharing their knowledge and passion for coffee with customers. Visit www.presscoffee.com for more information.
Produced at Aponte Farm from an undisclosed mix of varieties of Arabica, and processed by the washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). Based in Phoenix, Arizona, Press Coffee roasts in small batches to ensure the highest quality and consistency, while sharing their knowledge and passion for coffee with customers. Visit www.presscoffee.com for more information.
Produced by smallholding members of the Flor de Dalia Cooperative entirely of the Caturra variety of Arabica, and processed by the natural method (dried in the whole fruit). Certified Fair Trade. Founded in 1995 by Brooke McDonnell and Helen Russell, Equator Coffees operates retail stores in the San Francisco Bay Area and southern California and provides coffee to hundreds of wholesale accounts. Visit www.equatorcoffees.com or call 800-809-7687 for more information.
Produced from trees of the admired botanical variety Gesha (also Geisha) by Adam and Rachel Overton. Although the Gesha variety originated in Ethiopia, it was “discovered” by the coffee world in 2004 growing in Boquete, Panama, and Panama continues to dominate the expanding world of Gesha. This particular version, however, is the outcome of efforts to commercialize Gesha in the region from which it originally came.  Processed by the natural method (dried in the whole fruit). Taster’s Coffee is a nano-roaster based in new Taipei City, Taiwan. Visit www.tasterscoffee.com for more information.
Produced by Angel Benigno Capa Chama and Maria Carmen Cogitambo Lojan from trees of the Caturra and Typica varieties of Arabica, and processed by the washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). JBC Coffee Roasters’ vision is simple: “let the coffee lead the way” through sourcing and roasting the best and most unique coffees available and rewarding the farmers who grow those coffees with substantial premiums. Visit www.jbccoffeeroasters.com or call 608-256-5282 for more information.
Produced in the Guji growing region, nestled next to Ethiopia's better-known Yirgacheffe and Sidamo regions, entirely of the Kudume variety of Arabica, and processed by the washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). GK Coffee is a nano-roastery in Yilan, Taiwan that offers both retail and wholesale coffee. For more information, visit www.gkcoffee.com.tw or email [email protected]
Produced in the Guji growing region, entirely of the Kudume variety of Arabica, and processed by the natural method (dried in the whole fruit). GK Coffee is a nano-roastery in Yilan, Taiwan that offers both retail and wholesale coffee. For more information, visit www.gkcoffee.com.tw or email [email protected]
Founded in 1990, Roadmap CoffeeWorks, formerly Lexington Coffee Roasters, is an award-winning artisan roasting company based in Lexington, Virginia. Roadmap CoffeeWorks focuses on producing fresh, distinctive and sustainable coffees. Visit www.roadmapcoffeeworks.com or call 800-322-6505 for more information.
Despite grower discontent and urban encroachment on prime coffee lands, Kenya continues to produce some of the world’s most elegant and distinctive coffees. David's Nose is a specialty coffee roaster based in Taipei, Taiwan whose founder studied agronomy and has a deep interest in crop quality. For more information, visit www.dnose.com.tw.
A blend of two natural-processed coffees, an Ethiopia Kochere and a Honduras Finca Cueva, roasted for espresso applications. David's Nose is a specialty coffee roaster based in Taipei, Taiwan whose founder studied agronomy and has a deep interest in crop quality. For more information, visit www.dnose.com.tw.
A blend of two natural-processed coffees, an Ethiopia Kochere and a Colombia anaerobic natural. David's Nose is a specialty coffee roaster based in Taipei, Taiwan whose founder studied agronomy and has a deep interest in crop quality. For more information, visit www.dnose.com.tw.
Produced entirely from trees of the Kona Typica variety of Arabica and grown on Hula Daddy’s lower-elevation farm; processed by the washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). Hula Daddy is a boutique coffee producer with farms at the 1,400 and 2,500-foot levels of the Mount Hualalai volcano near the northern end of the Kona growing district, five minutes above the town of Kailua-Kona. Visit www.huladaddy.com or call 808-327-9744 for more information.
Produced by smallholding members of the Ndumberi Farmers Cooperative Society from trees of the SL28 and SL34 varieties of Arabica, and processed by the Kenya variation on the traditional washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). Mostra Coffee is a women-, minority-, veteran-, and immigrant-owned micro-roaster based in north county San Diego. For more information, visit www.mostracoffee.com.
Produced by Zhou-Zhu-Yuan entirely of the bold-beaned Pacamara variety of Arabica, and processed by the natural method (beans are dried in the whole fruit). In addition to his retail roasting operation, Aroma Roast Coffees, Simon Hsieh also operates Soaring Phoenix Trading, a business focused on purpose-built commercial espresso blends and high-quality single-origin coffees. Customers can also visit the new showroom, Chateau Andy, in Taipei City. Visit www.facebook.com/4ArtsZeroDefectCoffees or call 886-0983-749876 for more information.
Produced by smallholding farmers largely from trees of indigenous landrace varieties of Arabica long grown in the region, and processed by the natural anaerobic method, wherein whole fruit is fermented with limited oxygen before drying. Branch Street Coffee Roasters is a small-batch specialty coffee roaster in Youngstown, Ohio. Visit www.branchstreetcoffee.com for more information.
Produced by smallholding members of the Ndumberi Farmers Cooperative Society and processed at the Ngaita Factory (mill) from trees of the SL28, SL34 and Ruiru 11 varieties of Arabica by the traditional Kenya washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). Mostra Coffee is a women-, minority-, veteran-, and immigrant-owned micro-roaster based in north county San Diego. For more information, visit www.mostracoffee.com.
A blend of Typica, Red Bourbon and Red Catuai varieties of Arabica produced by Miranda Farms and JN Farms, processed using a proprietary method involving wine yeasts. The decaffeinated coffees were processed by Kona Decaf in Holualoa using pressurized carbon dioxide gas rather than chemical solvents to remove about 50% of the total caffeine, making this a “half-caf” coffee rather than a coffee decaffeinated using industrial methods that remove almost all of the caffeine. Paradise prides itself on quality and freshness, craft-roasting coffees in small batches only after orders are placed. Visit www.paradiseroasters.com or call 763-433-0626 for more information.
Produced entirely of the 74110 selection of Ethiopia Arabica and processed by the natural method (dried in the whole fruit). Kakalove Café is a nano-roaster located in the small city of Chia-Yi in Taiwan that strives to procure and roast the finest quality coffee. Visit www.kakalovecafe.com.tw or email [email protected] for more information.
Produced by smallholding women farmers of the Asociacion Mujeres, from trees of the Catuaí and IH90 varieties of Arabica, and processed by the traditional washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). Kakalove Café is a nano-roaster located in the small city of Chia-Yi in Taiwan that strives to procure and roast the finest quality coffee. Visit www.kakalovecafe.com.tw or email [email protected] for more information.
Produced by smallholding farmers from selections of indigenous Ethiopian landrace varieties of Arabica and processed by the traditional washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). Golin Coffee Roasters is a Taiwan-based retail and wholesale specialty coffee roaster that also offers educational seminars. Visit https://golincoffee.waca.ec/ for more information.
Produced by smallholding farmers from selections of Ethiopian indigenous landrace varieties of Arabica and processed by the traditional washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). Golin Coffee Roasters is a Taiwan-based retail and wholesale specialty coffee roaster that also offers educational seminars. Visit https://golincoffee.waca.ec/ for more information.
Produced by smallholding farmers from selections of indigenous Ethiopian landrace varieties of Arabica and processed by the traditional washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). Golin Coffee Roasters is a Taiwan-based retail and wholesale specialty coffee roaster that also offers educational seminars. Visit https://golincoffee.waca.ec/ for more information.
Produced by Alfonso Solis Porras of El Cedral Farm entirely of the Red Catuai variety of Arabica, and processed by the red honey method, in which the skins are removed from the fruit but the fruit flesh is allowed to dry on the beans. Old World Coffee Lab is a specialty coffee roaster with cafes in Reno and Carson City, Nevada. Visit www.oldworldcoffee.co for more information.
Produced by smallholding farmers entirely of the Caturra variety of Arabica, and processed by the natural method (dried in the whole fruit). Old World Coffee Lab is a specialty coffee roaster with cafes in Reno and Carson City, Nevada. Visit www.oldworldcoffee.co for more information.
Produced by Felipe Arcila of Jardines del Eden entirely of the admired Pink Bourbon variety of Arabica, and processed by an experimental method in which the pulped fruit with some mucilage left on the seed (similar to honey-processed coffees) is fermented with wine yeasts and passionfruit pulp. The Angry Roaster is a Toronto-based specialty coffee roaster whose mission is to bridge the gap between the everyday coffee drinker and the specialty coffee lover. Visit www.theangryroaster.com for more information.
Produced by smallholding farmers of the Rumukia Farmers Cooperative Society from trees of the SL28 and SL34 varieties of Arabica, and processed at the Maganjo mill by the traditional washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). AKA Coffee is a specialty nano-roaster based in Taiwan. Visit www.facebook.com/akacoffee.shop for more information.
Produced by Bekele Heto from largely indigenous Ethiopian landrace varieties of Arabica long grown in the region and processed by the natural method (dried in the whole fruit). Imported via Royal Coffee’s single-farmer series. Founded by Brad Katz, a music lover and home coffee roaster, Bassline Coffee aims to offer something for every kind of coffee lover with roasts that bring out the inherent qualities of diverse green coffees. Visit www.basslinecoffee.com for more information.
Produced by smallholding farmers from trees of the SL28, Ruiru 11, Batian and Ruiru varieties of Arabica, and processed by the traditional washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried) at the Karindudu Washing Station. Founded in 2005 in Richmond, Virginia, Blanchard’s Coffee’s tagline is "good work in service of great coffee." Visit www.blanchardscoffee.com for more information.
Produced by smallholding members of the Kiama Farmers Cooperative Society from trees of the SL28, SL34 and Ruiru 11 varieties of Arabica, and processed by the traditional washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried) at the Ichuga wet mill. ILSE Coffee is an ingredient-driven roaster currently building a new roastery and café in North Canaan, Connecticut. Visit www.ilsecoffee.com for more information.
Produced by smallholding members of Asocafe Canet entirely of the Caturra variety of Arabica, and processed by the honey method, in which the skins are removed from the fruit but some of the fruit flesh is allowed to dry on the beans. Rest Coffee is a husband-and-wife team dedicated to roasting the finest coffee they can source. Visit  shopee.tw/rest.coffee for more information.
Produced by sisters Hirut (Beti) and Mahder Birhanu from trees of the Kurume, Wolisho, Dega and other indigenous Ethiopian selections of Arabica, and processed by the traditional washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried) at their washing station, Dumerso. Imported by Catalyst Trade. Swelter Coffee was founded by Stephanie Welter-Krause in 2020 with a mission to support women coffee producers, sourcing coffees exclusively from women producers. Visit www.sweltercoffee.com for more information.
Produced by sisters Hirut (Beti) and Mahder Birhanu, from trees of the Kurume, Wolisho, Dega and other indigenous selections varieties of Arabica, and processed by the traditional washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried) at their washing station, Dumerso. Imported by Catalyst Trade. Sightseer, a queer-owned coffee company that works exclusively with women-farmed coffees, was founded by Sara Gibson and Kimberly Zash around the values of feminism, sustainability and social impact, as well as delicious coffee. Visit www.sightseercoffee.co for more information.
Produced by smallholding farmers entirely of the indigenous Kurume landrace of Arabica, and processed by the natural method (sun-dried in the whole fruit). Roaster Yu Chih Hao is co-founder of Fumi Coffee, a roaster in Hsinchu, Taiwan specializing in specialty coffee and homemade desserts. Visit https://m.facebook.com/fumicafe035586631/ for more information.
A blend of coffees from Brazil, Costa Rica and Guatemala roasted for espresso applications. Cozy House Coffee is a Taiwan-based specialty coffee roaster and an SCA Authorized Trainer (AST). For more information, visit https://shop.cozyhousecoffee.com.
A blend of coffees from Kenya, Costa Rica and Ethiopia roasted for espresso applications. Evaluated as espresso. Cozy House Coffee is a Taiwan-based specialty coffee roaster and an SCA Authorized Trainer (AST). For more information, visit https://shop.cozyhousecoffee.com.
Produced at Sigri Estate entirely of the Typica variety of Arabica, and processed by the traditional washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). Consists entirely of peaberries, a kind of bean that results when the coffee fruit develops only a single, oval bean rather than the usual pair of flat-sided beans. Peaberries produce a somewhat different (often better) cup than normal beans from the same crop, from which they may or may not be separated during grading. Cozy House Coffee is a Taiwan-based specialty coffee roaster and an SCA Authorized Trainer (AST). For more information, visit https://shop.cozyhousecoffee.com.
Produced by smallholding farmers in the Nyeri growing region, and processed by the particularly meticulous Kenya variation on the traditional wet or washed method, in which skin and fruit flesh are removed from the beans or seeds before they are dried. Cozy House Coffee is a Taiwan-based specialty coffee roaster and an SCA Authorized Trainer (AST). For more information, visit https://shop.cozyhousecoffee.com.
Produced at Gera Estate from trees of selections of indigenous landrace varieties of Ethiopia Arabica, and processed by the natural anaerobic method, wherein whole fruit is fermented with limited oxygen before drying. Magnolia Coffee is a Charlotte-based specialty roaster whose mission is to use sustainably sourced coffees to make a difference in the lives of coffee workers and to foster a socially conscious community with cause-supporting coffees. Visit www.magnoliacoffeeco.com for more information.
Produced by Coopro Naranjo from the Catuaí and Caturra varieties of Arabica and processed by the natural method (dried in the whole fruit). The Cattleya project, a partnership between Coopro Naranjo and Royal Coffee New York, provides agronomists to help small family farms achieve peak flavor from their harvests. Bargain Cafe is a specialty coffee roaster in Taitung, Taiwan. Visit shopee.tw/iamjiter for more information.
 Produced in the Guji growing region, nestled next to Ethiopia's better-known Yirgacheffe and Sidamo regions, entirely of the Kudume variety of Arabica, and processed by the washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). Bargain Cafe is a specialty coffee roaster in Taitung, Taiwan. Visit shopee.tw/iamjiter for more information.
Produced by Diego Bermudez entirely of the Castillo variety of Arabica, and processed by the double-anaerobic washed method, in which the fermentation step occurs in a hermetically sealed vessel before the beans are washed and dried. Rubasse Coffee Roaster is a specialty roaster based in New Taipei City, Taiwan. Visit rubasseroasters.com/zh/ for more information.
Produced by smallholding members of Asocafe Canet entirely of the Caturra variety of Arabica, and processed by the honey method, in which the skins are removed from the fruit but some of the fruit flesh is allowed to dry on the beans. it). Chiming Coffee is a specialty roaster based in Changhua, Taiwan. Visit www.shop2000.com.tw/grain1698 
Produced by Dota Estate, entirely of the Geisha variety of Arabica, and processed by the natural method (dried in the whole fruit). Chiming Coffee is a specialty roaster based in Changhua, Taiwan. Visit www.shop2000.com.tw/grain1698 
Produced by Diego Bermudez entirely of the Castillo variety of Arabica, and processed by the double-anaerobic washed method, in which the fermentation step occurs in a hermetically sealed vessel before the beans are washed and dried. JYL Cafe is a specialty coffee roaster and cafe in Changhua, Taiwan. Visit https://line.me/ti/p/5YHFz4U0tW for more information.
Produced by smallholding members of Asocafe Canet entirely of the Caturra variety of Arabica, and processed by the honey method, in which the skins are removed from the fruit but some of the fruit flesh is allowed to dry on the beans. Balmy Day Coffee Office is a specialty coffee roaster based in Taoyuan, Taiwan. Visit https://www.facebook.com/Balmydaycoffee for more information.
A blend of coffees from Ethiopia and Colombia, both wash-processed (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). Bargain Cafe is a specialty coffee roaster in Taitung, Taiwan. Visit https://shopee.tw/iamjiter for more information.
Produced by Diego Bermudez entirely of the Castillo variety of Arabica, and processed by the double-anaerobic washed method, in which the fermentation step occurs in a hermetically sealed vessel before the beans are washed and dried. Dr.Young Coffee is a Taiwan-based retail specialty coffee roaster with the goal of expressing each coffee’s best flavors. Visit https://lin.ee/HA27cIa for more information.
A blend of coffees from El Salvador and Guatemala, both processed by the traditional washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). RamsHead Coffee Roasters is a family-owned company founded by Bozeman, Montana natives Caleb and Laura Walker that specializes in direct trade microlot coffees. For more information, visit www.ramsheadcoffee.com.
A blend of two coffees processed by the traditional washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried), one from Hacienda La Minita in Costa Rica and the second from Menendez Estate farms in El Salvador. RamsHead Coffee Roasters is a family-owned company founded by Bozeman, Montana natives Caleb and Laura Walker that specializes in direct trade microlot coffees. For more information, visit www.ramsheadcoffee.com.
Produced by Luis Fernando Prado of Finca Cerro Dragon entirely of the Geisha variety of Arabica, and processed by the honey method, in which the skins are removed from the fruit but some of the fruit flesh is allowed to dry on the beans. RamsHead Coffee Roasters is a family-owned company founded by Bozeman, Montana natives Caleb and Laura Walker that specializes in direct trade microlot coffees. For more information, visit www.ramsheadcoffee.com.
Produced by Arturo Aguirre of El Injerto Farm entirely of the very rare, tiny-beaned Mocca variety of Arabica, and processed by the traditional washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). Kakalove Café is a nano-roaster located in the small city of Chia-Yi in Taiwan that strives to procure and roast the finest quality coffee. Visit www.kakalovecafe.com.tw or email [email protected] for more information.
Produced by Hsu Ting-Yeh of Zhuo-Wu Farm in the Alishan growing distrct of Taiwan entirely of the famous Geisha variety of Arabica, and processed by the natural method, meaning the beans were dried inside the fruit rather than after the fruit has been removed, as is the case with washed coffees. Kakalove Café is a nano-roaster located in the small city of Chia-Yi in Taiwan that strives to procure and roast the finest quality coffee. Visit www.kakalovecafe.com.tw or email [email protected] for more information.
Produced by Luis Wicho Valdes of Finca Santa Isabel exclusively from trees of the Caturra variety of Arabica and processed by the traditional washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). El Gran Cafe is a coffee shop located in the heart of Antigua, Guatemala whose mission is to roast and serve organic-certified coffees produced at its own Finca La Esperanza and Finca El Pintado just outside of town. Featured in El Gran Cafe’s lineup are also coffees from friends and neighbors in the region, along with award-winning and exceptional coffees from other regions of Guatemala. Visit https://El Gran.cafe for more information.
Produced by Josué Morales of Finca La Esperanza entirely of the Villa Sarchi variety of Arabica, and processed by the traditional washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). Certified USDA Organic. El Gran Cafe is a coffee shop located in the heart of Antigua, Guatemala whose mission is to roast and serve organic-certified coffees produced at its own Finca La Esperanza and Finca El Pintado just outside of town. Featured in El Gran Cafe’s lineup are also coffees from friends and neighbors in the region, along with award-winning and exceptional coffees from other regions of Guatemala. Visit https://El Gran.cafe for more information.
Produced at Beneficio La Esperanza from trees of the Bourbon, Caturra and Catuaí varieties of Arabica, and processed by the traditional washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). El Gran Cafe is a coffee shop located in the heart of Antigua, Guatemala whose mission is to roast and serve organic-certified coffees produced at its own Finca La Esperanza and Finca El Pintado just outside of town. Featured in El Gran Cafe’s lineup are also coffees from friends and neighbors in the region, along with award-winning and exceptional coffees from other regions of Guatemala. Visit https://El Gran.cafe for more information.
Produced at Beneficio La Esperanza from trees of the Bourbon, Caturra and Caturai varieties of Arabica, and processed by the traditional washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). El Gran Cafe is a coffee shop located in the heart of Antigua, Guatemala whose mission is to roast and serve organic-certified coffees produced at its own Finca La Esperanza and Finca El Pintado just outside of town. Featured in El Gran Cafe’s lineup are also coffees from friends and neighbors in the region, along with award-winning and exceptional coffees from other regions of Guatemala. Visit https://elgran.cafe/ for more information.
Produced by Jairo Arcila and Cofinet of Finca Santa Monica entirely of the Castillo variety of Arabica, and processed by an experimental fruit maceration process in which the whole fruit is first fermented in an anaerobic (limited oxygen) environment with wine yeasts and macerated fruit. After fermentation, the coffee cherries are pulped and placed to dry on raised beds with macerated fruits until the ideal moisture content is achieved. Founded in 2013, modcup coffee focuses on fresh roasting and distinctive natural-processed coffees. Visit modcup.com for more information.
Produced by Jairo Arcila and Cofinet of Finca Santa Monica entirely of the Castillo variety of Arabica, and processed by an experimental fruit maceration process in which the whole fruit is first fermented in an anaerobic (limited oxygen) environment with wine yeasts and macerated fruit. After fermentation, the coffee cherries are pulped and placed to dry on raised beds with macerated fruits until the ideal moisture content is achieved. Founded in 2013, modcup coffee focuses on fresh roasting and distinctive natural-processed coffees. Visit modcup.com for more information.
Produced by Jairo Arcila and Cofinet of Finca Santa Monica entirely of the Castillo variety of Arabica, and processed by an experimental fruit maceration process in which the whole fruit is first fermented in an anaerobic (limited oxygen) environment with wine yeasts and macerated fruit. After fermentation, the coffee cherries are pulped and placed to dry on raised beds with macerated fruits until the ideal moisture content is achieved. Founded in 2013, modcup coffee focuses on fresh roasting and distinctive natural-processed coffees. Visit modcup.com for more information.
A blend of natural-processed (dried in the whole fruit) coffees from Ethiopia and an experimentally processed, fruit-macerated Colombia. Founded in 2013, modcup coffee focuses on fresh roasting and distinctive natural-processed coffees. Visit modcup.com for more information.
Produced by Jairo Arcila and Cofinet of Finca Santa Monica entirely of the Castillo variety of Arabica, and processed by an experimental fruit maceration process in which the whole fruit is first fermented in an anaerobic (limited oxygen) environment with wine yeasts and macerated fruit. After fermentation, the coffee cherries are pulped and placed to dry on raised beds with macerated fruits until the ideal moisture content is achieved. Founded in 2013, modcup coffee focuses on fresh roasting and distinctive natural-processed coffees. Visit modcup.com for more information.
 Produced by smallholding members of the CESMACH Cooperative from trees of the Bourbon, Typica and Mundo Novo varieties of Arabica, and processed by the traditional washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). JBC Coffee Roasters’ vision is simple: “let the coffee lead the way” through sourcing and roasting the best and most unique coffees available and rewarding the farmers who grow those coffees with substantial premiums. Visit www.jbccoffeeroasters.com or call 608-256-5282 for more information.
A blend of six distinguished green coffees: Ethiopia Uraga G1 Tome G1 natural; washed Ethiopia Guji Hampela Buku Sayisa; washed Guatemala La Minita La Flor; El Salvador Chalatenango Pacas Mimura Honey; Panama Bouquete El Burro Honey; and Costa Rica Dota La Minita — roasted separately for espresso applications and blended post-roast. Kasasagi is a Taiwan-based company that specializes in roasting “Japanese-style” coffees. Both companies are based in Taipei. Visit https://www.facebook.com/Kasasagicoffee/ for more information.
A blend of coffees from Guatemala, Nicaragua, Ethiopia, Costa Rica, Indonesia and Brazil, roasted for espresso applications. Euphora Coffee is a Taipei-based specialty coffee roaster with an active online community through which all sales are made. Visit www.euphoracoffeestudio.com for more information.
Produced by Tamiru Tadesse from indigenous landrace selections of Arabica long grown in the region, and processed by the anaerobic natural method, in which the whole fruit is fermented with limited oxygen before drying. Euphora Coffee is a Taipei-based specialty coffee roaster with an active online community through which all sales are made. Visit www.euphoracoffeestudio.com for more information.
 Produced at San Jose Las Victorias Estate from the Caturra and Catuai varieties of Arabica, and processed by the anaerobic natural method, in which the whole fruit is fermented with limited oxygen before drying. Euphora Coffee is a Taipei-based specialty coffee roaster with an active online community through which all sales are made. Visit www.euphoracoffeestudio.com for more information.
Produced at Finca Cerro Azul, entirely of the Geisha variety of Arabica, and processed by the natural method (sun-dried in the whole fruit). VERYTIME is a specialty nano-roaster based in Taoyuan, Taiwan. Visit https://www.verytime.com.tw/for more information. 
Produced at Mamalahoa Coffee Estatein, entirely of the Typica variety of Arabica, and processed by the traditional washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). San Francisco Bay Coffee is one of five coffee brands produced by the family-owned Rogers Family Company. Visit www.sfbaycoffee.com or call 800-829-1300 for more information.
Produced by Oscar and Francisca Chacon entirely from trees of the Caturra variety of Arabica; certified organically grown. Processed by the “natural” or dry method, meaning the beans were dried inside the entire fruit rather than after the soft fruit residue has been removed, as is the case with wet-processed or “washed” coffees. Located in southwestern Colorado, Durango Coffee lays claim to a rich coffee history that dates to 1986. Its motto is “Tough Town, Great Coffee.” Visit www.durangocoffee.com or call 800-748-2275 for more information.
Produced by Abel Salinas Pacheco of Arashi Farm, entirely of the Typica Mejorado variety of Arabica, and processed by the traditional washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). GK Coffee is a nano-roastery in Yilan, Taiwan that offers both retail and wholesale coffee. For more information, visit www.gkcoffee.com.tw or email [email protected]
Produced by smallholding farmers entirely of the Red Bourbon variety of Arabica, and processed by the natural anaerobic method, in which the whole fruit is fermented in a hermetically sealed environment before drying in the sun. The company name Amavida combines the Spanish words for love and life, reflecting Amavida’s multifaceted commitment to fairness and fine coffee. For more information, visit www.amavida.com or call 850-213-1965.
Produced by Homer Alarcón Gayoso entirely of the admired Gesha (also spelled “Geisha”) variety of Arabica, and processed by the traditional washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). The company name Amavida combines the Spanish words for love and life, reflecting Amavida’s multifaceted commitment to fairness and fine coffee. For more information, visit www.amavida.com or call 850-213-1965.
Produced by Arturo Aguirre of El Injerto Farm entirely of the big-beaned Pacamara variety of Arabica, and processed by the traditional washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed before beans are dried). Founded in 1995 by Brooke McDonnell and Helen Russell, Equator Coffees operates retail stores in the San Francisco Bay Area and southern California and provides coffee to hundreds of wholesale accounts. Visit www.equatorcoffees.com or call 800-809-7687 for more information.
Produced by Porfirio Velasquez in partnership with smallholding members of CODECH (Coordinadora de Organizaciones de Desarrollo Concepción Huista) from trees of the Bourbon, Caturra, and Sarchimor varieties of Arabica, and processed by the traditional washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). Certified USDA organic. Wonderstate Coffee, formerly Kickapoo Coffee, is an award-winning roaster based in rural Wisconsin known for its commitment to guaranteeing higher pay for farmers and being the country’s first 100% solar-powered roastery. Visit wonderstate.com for more information.
Produced by Renardo Ovalle Vides of Finca Don Angel, from trees of the Bourbon, Caturra and San Ramon varieties of Arabica, and processed by the traditional washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). Bird Rock Coffee Roasters is a retailer and wholesaler focused on organic and socially responsible coffees; it was named the “2012 Micro-Roaster of the Year” by Roast Magazine. Visit www.birdrockcoffee.com or call 858-551-1707 for more information.
Produced by Gloria Rodriguez of Finca Nejapa (La Lagunita microlot), entirely of the Red Bourbon variety of Arabica, and processed by the traditional washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). Chromatic Coffee prides itself in doing everything in-house and meticulously, from printing its attractive bags to modifying equipment to sourcing and roasting its fine coffees. Visit www.chromaticcoffee.com for more information. 
Produced by Don Fernando Lima of Finca Santa Elena entirely of the big-beaned Pacamara variety of Arabica, and processed by the traditional washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). GK Coffee is a nano-roastery in Yilan, Taiwan that offers both retail and wholesale coffee. For more information, visit www.gkcoffee.com.tw or email [email protected]
Produced by Jose David Garrido of Mama Cata Estate entirely of the Typica variety of Arabica, and processed by the traditional washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). Small Eyes Café is a small, family-owned coffee shop in Yilan, Taiwan, specializing in artisanally roasted specialty coffee and homemade desserts. Visit https://www.facebook.com/Smalleyescafe for more information.
Produced by Elda Argueta, a smallholding farmer in San Jose El Valentón, from trees of the Caturra and Pache Verde varieties of Arabica, and processed by the traditional washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). Speckled Ax is a roaster based in Portland, Maine, specializing in high-quality certified organic and small-lot coffees. The company roasts in a vintage wood-fired Petroncini roaster with the goal of highlighting each coffee’s best attributes. Visit www.speckledax.com for more information.
Produced by Daniela and Tatiana Gutierrez of Finca San Luis from trees of the Caturra and Catuai varieties of Arabica, and processed by the traditional washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). Tico Coffee’s co-founder Mariana Faerron is from Costa Rica, and the term “Tico” describes a Costa Rica native. The company she created with her husband Thomas specializes in direct trade coffees from small farms all over the world. Visit www.ticoroasters.com for more information.
Produced by John Samboni of Finca Samboni entirely of the Geisha variety of Arabica, and processed by the anaerobic natural method, in which whole fruit is fermented with limited oxygen before drying. Magnolia Coffee is a Charlotte-based specialty roaster whose mission is to use sustainably sourced coffees to make a difference in the lives of coffee workers and to foster a socially conscious community with cause-supporting coffees. Visit www.magnoliacoffeeco.com for more information. 
Produced by Rigoberto and Rodrigo Herrera of Finca Potosi entirely of the Colombia variety of Arabica, and processed by a “hybrid natural” method, meaning the coffee was both fermented and dried in the whole fruit. Bird Rock Coffee Roasters is a retailer and wholesaler focused on organic and socially responsible coffees; it was awarded the “2012 Micro-Roaster of the Year” title by Roast Magazine. Visit www.birdrockcoffee.com or call 858-551-1707 for more information.
Produced at the Cyesha Coffee Plantation entirely of the Bourbon variety of Arabica, and processed by the natural method (dried in the whole fruit). Magnolia Coffee is a Charlotte-based specialty roaster whose mission is to use sustainably sourced coffees to make a difference in the lives of coffee workers and to foster a socially conscious community with cause-supporting coffees. Visit www.magnoliacoffeeco.com for more information. 
Produced in the distinguished Guji growing region, nestled next to Ethiopia's better-known Yirgacheffe and Sidamo regions, largely from distinctive indigenous landrace varieties of Arabica long grown in the region. Processed by the natural method (beans are dried in the whole fruit). Samlin Coffee is a nano-roaster and coffee shop in New Taipei City, Taiwan. Visit https://www.facebook.com/samlincoffee/ for more information.
Produced by smallholding farmers of Asociación Tinamit from a field blend of traditional varieties grown in the region, and processed by the traditional washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). El Gran Cafe is a coffee shop located in the heart of Antigua, Guatemala whose mission is to roast and serve organic-certified coffees produced at its own Finca La Esperanza and Finca El Pintado just outside of town. Featured in El Gran Cafe’s lineup are also coffees from friends and neighbors in the region, along with award-winning and exceptional coffees from other regions of Guatemala. Visit https://El Gran.cafe for more information.
Produced by Andres Fahsen of Finca Patzibar entirely of the Catuai variety of Arabica, and processed by the traditional washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). Certified USDA Organic. El Gran Cafe is a coffee shop located in the heart of Antigua, Guatemala whose mission is to roast and serve organic-certified coffees produced at its own Finca La Esperanza and Finca El Pintado just outside of town. Featured in El Gran Cafe’s lineup are also coffees from friends and neighbors in the region, along with award-winning and exceptional coffees from other regions of Guatemala. Visit https://El Gran.cafe for more information.
Produced at Beneficio La Esperanza from trees of the Bourbon, Caturra and Caturai varieties of Arabica and processed by the traditional washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). Proyecto Aurora is a special project of the employees of Beneficio La Esperanza on the parcels they own in Ciudad Vieja and Alotenango. Coffee is picked only on Sunday, as this is the only day of the week they are not occupied picking coffee on other parcels. El Gran Cafe is a coffee shop located in the heart of Antigua, Guatemala whose mission is to roast and serve organic-certified coffees produced at its own Finca La Esperanza and Finca El Pintado just outside of town. Featured in El Gran Cafe’s lineup are also coffees from friends and neighbors in the region, along with award-winning and exceptional coffees from other regions of Guatemala. Visit https://El Gran.cafe for more information.
 Produced by Josué Morales of Finca El Potrero from trees of the Sarchimor and Anacafé 14 varieties of Arabica, and processed by the traditional washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). El Gran Cafe is a coffee shop located in the heart of Antigua, Guatemala whose mission is to roast and serve organic-certified coffees produced at its own Finca La Esperanza and Finca El Pintado just outside of town. Featured in El Gran Cafe’s lineup are also coffees from friends and neighbors in the region, along with award-winning and exceptional coffees from other regions of Guatemala. Visit https://El Gran.cafe for more information.
Produced by smallholding farmers of Asociación Chacaya from a field blend of traditional varieties grown in the region, and processed by the traditional washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). El Gran Cafe is a coffee shop located in the heart of Antigua, Guatemala whose mission is to roast and serve organic-certified coffees produced at its own Finca La Esperanza and Finca El Pintado just outside of town. Featured in El Gran Cafe’s lineup are also coffees from friends and neighbors in the region, along with award-winning and exceptional coffees from other regions of Guatemala. Visit https://El Gran.cafe for more information.
Produced by Josué Morales at Finca Villa La Esperanza entirely of the Villa Sarchi variety of Arabica, and processed by the traditional washed method (fruit skin and flesh are removed from the beans before they are dried). Certified USDA Organic. El Gran Cafe is a coffee shop located in the heart of Antigua, Guatemala whose mission is to roast and serve organic-certified coffees produced at its own Finca La Esperanza and Finca El Pintado just outside of town. Featured in El Gran Cafe’s lineup are also coffees from friends and neighbors in the region, along with award-winning and exceptional coffees from other regions of Guatemala. Visit https://El Gran.cafefor more information.
A radiant espresso blend that shines equally in the straight shot and in milk, alive with notes of rich dark chocolate and black cherry.
A floral-driven straight shot, amplified with notes of stone fruit and chocolate in cappuccino-scaled milk.
A gently spice-toned, floral- driven wet-processed Ethiopia cup with pleasing notes of cocoa throughout.
Lavender-like flowers and hints of zesty pink peppercorn animate this crisply sweet wet-processed Ethiopia cup.
A deeply and generously lush cup saved from sentimentality by a crisp, incense-like, slightly savory edge. Very wide range of aromatics.
A lively and crisply sweet, fruit-forward natural-processed Ethiopia cup.
A deeply sweet natural-processed Ethiopia cup, with stone fruit and brandy notes as parallel throughlines.
A delicate, richly sweet wet-processed Ethiopia: spice, herb, fruit and flowers in intricate balance.
An inviting wet-processed Ethiopia cup. Invokes a walk through a citrus orchard in spring, with a bonus of sweet herb and cocoa tones.
An elegantly expressive, fruit-forward but savory-leaning Ethiopia cup.
Mysterious and extraordinary in the Kenya style: simultaneously sweet, savory, tart and entirely and grandly vibrant.
An intense cup, zesty but juicy, alive with rose-like flowers, mint and lime.
A solid espresso blend equally pleasing as a straight shot and in milk.
This very light-roasted decaffeinated coffee may suggest a fine, complex Chinese black tea in some respects, though it ultimately enforces its coffee identity with its tart structure and light-footed authority. Oddly idiosyncratic in its aromatics, but quite free of the disturbing wood notes characteristic of many decaffeinated coffees.
A cup with a fine-tea-like appeal in its subtle complexity and spice-toned presentation.
A crisply bittersweet cup that leads with spicy florals and sweet herb notes.
Rich, sweet, elegant and cocoa-laden, this espresso blend is nougat-like in the straight shot and fruit- and floral-toned in milk.
Those who value a gently zesty sweetness should enjoy this delicate decaf cup. Easy on the palate, easy on the nervous system.
An engaging, confident Ethiopia cup with layered intrigue: flowers, fruit, aromatic wood.
Coffee simply doesn’t get much better than this. Transcendently classic.
A Kenya that covers all the bases: sweet-tart fruit, savory depth, spicy florals and cocoa.
A darker roast develops a savory-toned chocolate to complement a zesty citrus in this pleasingly contradictory Kenya.
A bright, lively, juicy washed Yirgacheffe coffee: classic in structure and style.
An espresso blend that offers both high-toned florals and low-toned nut and chocolate notes, integrated by a consistent caramel throughline.
A floral-toned, richly sweet espresso blend: balanced, flavor-laden, driven by notes of narcissus-like flowers.
A vibrant fruit- and chocolate-toned Kenya coffee, with an exciting hint of lime zest throughout the profile.
Delicate and graceful, yet authoritative in character; seductively sweet.
An unorthodox but original and engaging variation on the Kenya cup, juxtaposing sweetness and a musky, herby-savory edge.
Those who value brisk, dry beverages should enjoy this coffee and its quiet, unorthodox aromatic intrigue.
Resonantly pungent Kenya, particularly attractive for its structure: sweet, tart and savory all at once, zesty yet seductive. Holds its character superbly as it cools.
Spicy-sweet, autumnal profile, complex and grown-up.
A richly elegant cup that leads with deep fruit notes, as do many natural- processed coffees, though here the fruit is complicated by an engaging musk-like intrigue.
A natural-processed Ethiopia coffee of intriguing depth, with a wide range of aroma/flavor notes, savory pipe tobacco to high-toned, spicy florals, to crisply sweet citrus marmalade.
The overall impression of this natural-processed Yirgacheffe cup is equal parts dried fruit and chocolate, nicely elaborated by spice suggestions (cinnamon, clove, nutmeg).
A solid, chocolate-toned decaf with inviting fruit and floral tones.
This natural-processed Yirgacheffe’s hint of sweet, rum-like fruit ferment gives the cup a distinct holiday feel.
A brightly juicy, sweet blend with richly layered holiday nuance: chocolate, clove, date.
An exciting coffee from a newly emerging eastern Congo growing region: savory-edged, richly sweet, invitingly pungent.
A lovely blend of four exceptional coffees that nets a crisp, very sweet, pleasingly herb-toned cup.
A spice-toned, floral- and fruit-driven Kenya coffee, grounded by rich chocolate notes with hints of sweet pipe tobacco.
A balanced, savory-leaning and richly sweet blend of two quality coffees from Kenya, netting a vibrantly high-toned, spice-driven cup.
An umami-driven Pacamara coffee, with a throughline of berry and sundried tomato notes: sweet and savory in harmonious balance.
A fine introduction to a rare variety of Arabica, Sudan Rume: crisp, bright, sweetly tart.
An inviting natural-processed coffee from Ethiopia: sweetly tart, fruit-forward.
A dynamic coffee with complex aromatics that invoke the tropics—and a seemingly infinite finish, richly sweet and flavor-saturated.
A graceful, generously fruit- and floral-toned El Salvador cup with an exceptionally balanced structure and juicy acidity.
An elegant, richly sweet natural-processed Panama Gesha with berry and chocolate notes throughout.
Superb version of the classic sweet-savory, crisply juicy, fragrantly floral-edged Kenya cup.
Superb Pacamara profile, crisply dry and spicy yet deeply, lavishly juicy sweet.
Intense, bright but balanced cup with layered aromatic intrigue generated by a celebrated and rare tree variety.
The exciting Kenya tension between sweet and savory-tart is on display here, but a bit softer in expression perhaps, more tropical, than usual. A relaxed Kenya, authoritative yet delicate and approachable.
Low-toned and deeply rich, reminiscent of Ibarra Mexican chocolate with cinnamon, enveloped in fruit and nut tones.
Both elegantly balanced and subtly grand in detail; a quietly spectacular rendition of the Gesha profile.
A coffee both classic in its crisp clarity and subtly original in its high-toned fruit and floral aromatics.
In the straight shot, dark chocolate and tart fruit reign; in milk, spicy floral notes wrapped in chocolate carry the day.
An intense yet accessible Kenya animated by a zesty but very sweet structure and an intriguing range of aromatics.
A bright, vivid espresso: Tart citrus in front, enveloped by a softening chocolate.
An intricately layered, superb Sumatra cup saturated with chocolate, spicy floral and sweet fruit notes, with gentle intimations of rich perique tobacco.
An inviting and accessible Colombia cup, sweet-toned with a hint of cardamom-like spice.
A symphonic Gesha cup: high-toned fruit and flowers are supported by spice and aromatic wood.
A crisp, deeply sweet natural-processed Gesha cup: chocolaty, fruit-toned and floral.
An attractively idiosyncratic cup from one of coffee’s ancient homelands: mildly fermenty, richly fruity-toned, with hints of earth and tobacco.
A fruit-driven, but crisp natural-processed Kona cup that’s also certified organic.
A sweetly bright, cocoa-toned Guatemala cup with engaging stone fruit and aromatic wood complications.
Coffee Review’s highest scoring Nicaragua coffee of 2017: crystalline in structure, intensely aromatic, deeply and richly sweet.
A classic Kenya cup: richly sweet-savory, with a complex array of fruit, floral, chocolate and aromatic wood notes at its intense and inviting heart.
A solid single-origin Central America espresso, chocolate-toned throughout, with pretty floral and citrus zest grace notes.
A delicate, spice-driven Kenya cup with engaging undercurrents of fruit, floral and chocolate.
Makes a particularly appealing espresso in cappuccino-scaled milk: chocolaty, with intense fruit and floral complication.
A round, sweetly savory Kenya enlivened by the quiet intrigue of vanilla-like flowers and crisp chocolate.
A resonant, chocolate-toned Yirgacheffe cup, deeply sweet with floral and aromatic wood undertones.
An unapologetically savory-sweet coffee, especially attractive in milk, where both basic taste tendencies are enhanced by notes of tamarind and citrus zest.
A superior Rwanda cup, classically sweet-savory with an appealing high-toned crispness.
A big, juicy wet-processed Ethiopia cup laden with rich floral and fruit tones throughout, all enveloped in dark chocolate.
An impressively rich sweet-savory cup with a throughline of fennel-like herb notes. Interesting both for its unusual cup and its unusual processing variation.
A Sidamo coffee processed by the dry or natural method and treated with a cultured essence of kopi luwak that together net richly ripe fruit notes, cocoa tones, and a pleasing hint of sweet ferment.
Delicately bittersweet and cocoa-toned, with flowers hinting at lushness.
A juicy-sweet Ethiopia natural cup: lively and fruit-toned, with a hint of elegant, rum-like sweet ferment.
Engaging Colombia cup with impressively juicy, bright acidity and zesty, spice-toned aromatics.
A vibrant, exhilarating natural-processed peaberry Gesha saturated with rich floral, spice and fruit aromas and flavors throughout the profile.
Complex and dynamic in structure, balancing tart, sweet and bitter, with deeply layered and complex aromatics.
An exciting natural-processed Geisha that leads with juicy fruit notes and deeply sweet florals, all wrapped in frankincense and cocoa.
Expresses the deep, spicy-sweet side of the Yirgacheffe profile, engaging in its balance of savory depth and perfumy sweetness.
An engaging natural-processed Costa Rica cup, with top notes of peach and undercurrents of wood-framed florals throughout.
A dynamic trifecta of flowers, fruit and chocolate in both the shot and in cappuccino-scaled milk.
Deep, rich, gently tart, chocolaty as a straight shot; gloriously dessert-like in three parts milk.
An evocative, richly sweet espresso blend centered on deep chocolate with rich floral and bright citrus undertones.
A balanced yet intricate dried-in-the-fruit Yirgacheffe, flowers grounded in chocolate with a whiff of brandy.
A cocoa-toned Kenya cup with notes of stone fruit and sweet florals and the added intrigue of a tart, tamarind-like edge.
A quietly zesty straight shot nicely rounded and deepened with chocolate and nut. All carry nicely into cappuccino-scaled milk.
A fine darker roasted espresso: The scorched wood notes are lively and aromatic, the chocolate pleasingly bittersweet; hints of zesty citrus and sweet flowers maintain vivacity.
An unusual and engaging natural-processed Ethiopia: crisp, sweet-savory, complex and original in its cocoa, lemon-herb and grappa-toned aromatics.
A perfumy, floral- and spice-toned natural-processed Ethiopia cup with an especially juicy acidity.
A solid Peru cup: rich, deeply sweet, with the intrigue of a perfumy musk-like note throughout.
A harmonious melding of sweet floral and fruit notes from the El Salvador component of the blend and a more tobacco-toned sweetness from the Indonesia contribution.
A blend in which you can taste the influence of both the Colombia and the Kenya elements, the former chocolate-toned, the latter, sweetly tart. Combined, they generate a resonant, layered intricacy.
An inviting blend of two organic coffees, a Costa Rica and a natural-processed Ethiopia, which together create a spicy-floral-toned and fruit-driven cup.
A deep, energetic coffee that juxtaposes bright sweetness and rich earthiness with a dark chocolate throughline.
A floral-toned blend with particularly engaging acidity, sweetly tart and lively structure, and an intriguing suggestion of fresh spearmint.
A deeply attractive blend that evokes the tropics, with notes of ginger blossom and pineapple leading the aromatic charge.
An elegant citrusy and chocolate-toned cup, pleasingly complicated by notes of stone fruit and rich aromatic wood.
All fruit, all the time. But not a hint of ferment, despite the blend’s four dried-in-the-fruit, natural-processed components.
A dry-processed coffee in the crisp, elegant style, lightly cocoa-toned, subtly complex, long-finishing.
Big-bodied, roundly powerful coffee expression, equally nuanced with cedar, dry chocolate and herb hints. Fair trade and organic.
An unusually pure Rwanda, impressive particularly in its fresh, juicy structure and bright composure.
An exceptional, vivacious Ethiopia coffee in which high-toned floral notes, sweetly tart fruits, and rich chocolate tones harmonize.
A honey-processed Costa Rica cup expressing equal parts sweet and tart: think candied apple and pomegranate wrapped in rich, creamy cashew butter.
The first coffee from Nepal ever rated by Coffee Review, and well worth seeking out for its confident savory-sweet cup.
A paradoxical natural-processed Costa Rica coffee with big sweetness (fruit and florals) and rich aromatic wood notes in equal measure.
An inviting decaffeinated espresso laden with notes of dark chocolate and sweet florals. Particularly appealing in cappuccino-scaled milk.
A lush, floral and richly sweet espresso blend, with dark chocolate tones as the throughline.
A classic Ethiopia cup: balanced, bright and deeply sweet, with notes of berry and stone fruit.
A classic Sumatra that displays its clean, fresh-earth character and grapefruity pungency without apology, supported by crisp chocolate, vanilla bean and pear.
A complex, richly layered, juicy-sweet Kenya cup.
A confident, juicy-rich Ethiopia with appealing notes of citrus and cherry.
An impressive white-honey processed coffee—richly fruit- and floral-toned.
Inviting notes of chocolate and tea rose carry this resonant, sweetly tart, slightly darker-roasted coffee from central Africa.
Exceptional, versatile cup. Satisfies with its balance, yet surprises with its lush, layered intricacy. Blending at its most committed and original.
A fine Sumatra, simultaneously expressing the pungent, full, resonantly earthy genius of the type, while lifting it with refreshing lightness and complex vivacity.
A fine expression of the classic Rwanda and Central Africa cup, vibrantly and roundly bright, yet crucially deepened and nuanced by drier and more savory suggestions of lemon verbena and cooked root vegetables.
One of the more impressive Burundis we’ve tested in some years: roundly sweet-toned and bright, crucially supported by a deep savory resonance.
An out-of-the-ordinary coffee but a superbly balanced and complete one, with particularly seductive floral and chocolate notes.
This honey-processed Ethiopia is a citrus and berry chorus, from lime blossom in the aroma to raspberry jam in the cup, backed by continuous suggestions of sandalwood and crisp cacao nib.
A natural-processed Ethiopia cup with sweetly jammy fruit character, balanced by cocoa suggestions.
A nuanced Typica from Ecuador: balanced, quietly complex, richly sweet.
A spice-toned and fruit-laden Kenya cup, distinguished by perfumy, amber-like suggestions throughout.
A crisp, high-toned Ethiopia coffee with rich fruit and sweet herb notes, next to deep evocations of honey.
A gorgeous Yemen coffee that rewards the observant drinker with layers of nuance that unfold with patience, touching all the notes: fruit, earth, chocolate, spice.
This paradoxical coffee offers both high tones and low: notes of juicy tropical fruit juxtaposed with rich pipe tobacco.
This rich Sumatra invokes the experience of eating cherries in a flower garden next to a patch of fresh, fragrant, just-turned earth.
A rich-toned Kenya cup with big, sweetly bright acidity and inviting notes of berry and coconut.
A natural-processed Colombia Gesha that’s compelling in every way, with bright notes of stone fruit and honeysuckle in the cup, plump mouthfeel and flavor-saturated finish that lingers on and on.
A juicy, bright Ethiopia cup with engaging fruit and floral notes and hints of rich aromatic wood, with a throughline of crisp, nut-like roasted cacao nib.
An adventurer’s coffee from the get-go. In fact, especially at the get-go, when the odd, intense, sweet pungent sensation confronts us, then softens, opening up to a deep, layered intricacy.
Fine wet-processed Ethiopia skillfully medium-roasted for presentation as espresso. Layered and pleasingly shifting aromatics persist throughout, from aroma through the milk shot.
A tactful medium roast nicely develops crisp chocolate and subtle floral character in this intense, big-bodied single-origin espresso.
A crisp Indonesia cup from the emerging Flores Island coffee growing region: delicate, with a throughline of tart fruit and sweet earth.
An elegant, crisply sweet honey-processed Gesha cup with a throughline of pleasingly tart fruit notes enveloped in chocolate.
A delicate, flavor-saturated natural-processed Sidamo cup, animated by notes of raspberry and clove.
An understated and attractive natural-processed Gesha, rich with notes of sweet flowers, fruit-toned spices, and bright citrus zest.
A sweet, richly savory Sulawesi cup with a cocoa and mesquite throughline nuanced by butterscotch and fine musk.
A deeply pleasing coffee from Burundi: rich, profoundly sweet throughout, and complexly layered with fruit, floral and aromatic wood notes.
An Ethiopia-Indonesia blend that offers both high-toned sweetness and warm, low-toned spice notes reminiscent of clove.
A crisp, chocolate-toned Brazil natural cup, with inviting notes of dried hibiscus and vanilla-like florals.
A fruit-forward, natural-processed Brazil coffee that invokes a chocolate cordial with its predominant note of brandy-inflected dark chocolate.
A confident chocolate- and floral-toned cup with a pleasingly bittersweet structure.
Lovely expression of the genius of Rwanda coffees: roundly sweet-savory in structure, resonant in aromatics, luxurious in mouthfeel.
A sweet yet umami-leaning Sumatra cup (think candy cap mushroom) with rich fruit and floral tones throughout.
A floral- and spice-toned Burundi cup, simultaneously richly sweet and invitingly savory.
A delicately brisk, sweetly nut-toned variation on the classically gentle Peru profile.
A brightly sweet, crisply tart natural-processed Ethiopia cup: fruit- and floral-toned with a hint of intriguing cardamom-like spice.
A brightly lively, complex yet coherent blend of both washed and natural-processed coffees: juicy, sweetly tart, chocolaty and floral-toned, with a hint of appealing sweet ferment.
A stunningly balanced, bright, flavor-saturated Yemen cup characterized by rich fruit and cocoa-toned floral notes throughout.
Complete: suave, flavor-saturated, big-bodied, sweetly and gracefully bright.
For well-heeled coffee adventurers, a coffee so original it is difficult to categorize. It provokes a tremendous range of sensory association that situates it on the frontier of coffee expression, hovering somewhere between disturbing and extraordinary.
A classic natural-processed Ethiopia cup with clean berry notes, chocolate suggestions, and hints of sweetly spicy florals.
A rich, chocolate- and raisin-toned Costa Rica cup, ideal for those who prefer a medium-dark roast.
A deftly darker-roasted coffee with notes of toasted coconut and savory almond alongside spicy florals: a pleasingly old-school presentation of the classic Kenya cup.
A complexly nuanced Kona-grown Red Bourbon, rife with sweet fruit and floral notes supported by undertones of rich sandalwood.
An elegant natural-processed Yirgacheffe cup, complex with rich fruit and chocolate throughout.
Innovative practices during the ferment step of fruit removal appear to have encouraged intensified aromatic originality and depth in this traditional Big Island Typica. Floral, richly herb-toned, deeply sweet.
A dynamic Ethiopia cup with high-toned fruit notes and bittersweet florals, all enveloped in crisp cocoa.
One of the finest Congos we've cupped in years: spice-toned, floral, tantalizingly sweet-savory, with a throughline of rich earth tones evoking a forest walk after a rain.
A chocolaty Burundi coffee with richly crisp notes of dried mulberry and an especially appealing acidity, bright and juicy.
A lively espresso blend: chocolaty and floral-toned, especially in milk.
A subtly fruit-forward espresso blend, balanced by inviting chocolate suggestions and invigorating notes of citrus zest.
A classic Pacamara cup that finesses the sweet-savory paradox: simultaneous sweet fruit and floral impulses coupled with umami depth and intrigue.
A confident and expressive coffee from Burundi, roasted for espresso applications, with rich notes of stone fruit and dark chocolate enlivened by flowers suggesting spice-toned star jasmine.
An espresso blend with strong character, particularly expressed in the bittersweet, tart-leaning milk shot, deepened by notes of dark chocolate.
A rich, discreetly roast-toned Kenya cup, with notes of black currant and chocolate as throughlines.
A pleasing, light-footed and accessible Kenya cup: crisp, citrusy, sweetly wood-framed.
An exciting Colombia Gesha cup that covers all the aromatic and gustatory bases: spicy florals notes, sweetly savory earth tones, umami sensations and rich sweetness throughout.
A sweet-toned, approachable Burundi coffee, with inviting notes of vanilla and date at its heart.
A sweetly tart, juicy Colombia cup animated by sweet floral and citrus notes throughout.
A classic Kenya coffee with a rich balance of sweet and savory tones brightened by a crisp, juicy acidity.
A crisply fruit-toned, lightly fermenty natural-processed Brazil cup.
A deeply sweet pulped natural coffee with a throughline of spicy floral notes supported by cacao nib and buttery cashew.
A classic Brazil cup in its presentation of deeply sweet notes of dark chocolate, nut and raisiny fruit.
A graceful, light-footed cup, understated and refined.
A subtle but seductive cup, juicy, savory-sweet, with a pleasing range of aromatics: lavender, orange, cocoa.
Gently but resonantly expressive and complex. For those who prefer subtle intricacy and depth to bold assertion.
A classic pulped-natural Brazil, delicate yet resonant, lightly floral, cedary, nut-toned.
The “natural” or dried-in-the fruit processing develops an impressively light-footed yet cleanly lush version of the flowers, cocoa and fruit character of this fine Yirgacheffe.
A roast-toned, sweet-savory espresso blend with rich floral and deep umami impulses.
A deeply sweet Kenya with classic red fruit notes and added intrigue from tangy tamarind and a citrusy floral akin to lantana.
A complex, harmonious Sumatra cup, with sweetly tart fruit and deeply sweet floral notes enveloped in rich earthiness.
A great value for a richly sweet, floral and crisply citrusy espresso blend.
A deeply sweet Burundi cup with a savory richness typical of Central Africa coffees and a throughline of pleasing herbaceousness.
A richly sweet Burundi cup, with spicy floral tones and a savory note suggesting cumin; subtle and inviting.
A sweet, crisp, balanced Burundi cup, especially appealing in its quietly intriguing aromatics.
A richly sweet cup with the intrigue of savory herb notes throughout.
A citrusy, sweet-toned Rwanda cup with inviting notes of rich toffee.
A pleasingly bittersweet, spice-toned coffee from Uganda.
A balanced, clean natural-processed Burundi coffee with leading notes of stone fruit and citrus supported by rich aromatic wood tones.
A natural-processed Burundi coffee that strikes a remarkable balance between lush fruit and spicy floral notes. It's also sweetly fermenty, and elegantly so.
A solid natural-processed Burundi coffee with crisp, clean fruit notes and a hint of cinnamon-like spice.
A pleasingly rich Burundi, processed by the atypical red honey method. Sweetly fruit-forward yet elegantly clean.
An exquisitely balanced, multi-layered cup, rich with sweet fruit, herb and flower notes, deep and resonant throughout.
A tactfully medium-roasted coffee with caramel and date as sweet-toned ballast to notes of richly savory hop-like flowers.
A richly sweet-tart, lively and complex Ethiopia coffee with deeply pleasing notes of mango and jasmine.
A multi-layered Sumatra cup with berry and tropical flowers as primary notes, balanced with fine pipe tobacco, sweet herbs and rich chocolate.
A compelling espresso blend with engaging sweet-tartness, rich aromatic wood notes, and delicately sweet floral tones redolent of lilac.
A chocolaty and fruit-toned coffee from Zambia in south-central Africa, deftly roasted to medium-dark.
A resonant, complexly expressed Sumatra. A hint of roasty pungency moves the chocolate forward and deepens the sweet-savory earth and tobacco notes.
A richly sweet, multi-layered natural-processed Ethiopia cup: berry- and cocoa-toned, with an inviting touch of sweet ferment, redolent of elderflower liqueur.
A complex, multi-layered espresso blend: floral and sweetly herbaceous in the straight shot; bittersweet and cocoa-toned in cappuccino-scaled milk.
A crisp, sweet-toned espresso blend: caramelly and fruit-toned, particularly floral in milk.
A chocolaty espresso blend with bright notes of stonefruit and deeply sweet floral tones. Especially appealing in milk.
An easy-drinking, richly sweet cold-brew coffee, caramel- and nut-toned, with hints of lemon zest.
A gently roast-toned natural-processed Brazil espresso that leads with notes of sweet nut and fruit, supported by an appealing cardamom-like spice. The nut and fruit turn distinctly chocolaty in milk.
This brisk natural-processed Ethiopia espresso presents a fruit note that’s a dead ringer for dried strawberries (supported by notes of lavender and sandalwood) and is especially attractive in cappuccino-scaled milk.
A brightly expressed fruit and chocolate bomb with ballast from notes of rich nut and sweet flowers.
An espresso blend trifecta that leads in equal parts with fruit, flowers and herbs (think black cherry, plumeria and spearmint, respectively).
A crisp, clean natural-processed espresso from Ethiopia, as richly chocolate-toned in the straight shot as it is in milk.
A strikingly original natural-processed Ethiopia Gesha, with high-toned floral notes, a suggestion of musky cannabis, and a complex, exhilarating presence in milk.
A natural-processed Ethiopia roasted for espresso that shimmers with an intricately layered range of sensation: sweet, savory, spice, floral, chocolate, fruit, expressed both in the straight shot and in milk.
A powerhouse espresso from this ancient origin, assertively fruit-toned and elegantly floral.
A bold, lively, expressive natural-processed Costa Rica espresso, with suggestions of tropical fruit and chocolate fudge as the richly sweet throughlines.
A complex, floral- and chocolate-driven espresso blend, as compelling in milk as in the straight shot.
A good coffee choice for those who value softly stated brightness with delicate melony and floral aromatics.
A subtly original and pleasing Guatemala: sweet and honey-toned with a delicately brisk complement of aromatics.
A coffee with strong character situated on the intersection of sweet, tart and savory, with a crisp array of aromatics suggesting, in part, a fragrant potpourri of dried flowers.
A fine Peru, with the round, pungently chocolaty character of the type supported by crisp floral top notes and a plump, smooth mouthfeel.
A quietly rich Peru, sweet yet briskly zesty.
A pretty Kenya cup with bright notes of stone fruit and spicy florals throughout, supported by an undercurrent of rich, aromatic myrrh.
A classic wet-processed coffee from Costa Rica: crisp, balanced, sweetly herb-toned.
A friendly Kenya cup that leads with crisp chocolate and deep floral notes, with a medium-dark roast profile that encourages a pleasing suggestion of smoky aromatic wood.
A lovely example of the big-beaned Maracaturra variety: sweetly savory with notes of deep stone fruit and rich, sweet florals.
An intricately classic expression of the great Yirgacheffe wet-processed type, lemony and floral with a fragrant sandalwood base.
Impressive medium-dark roasted Guatemala, pungently fruit-toned, briskly structured, sweetly floral.
Flowers and fruit carry for miles in this natural-processed Ethiopia cup: clean, crisp, and chocolaty, too.
A deeply sweet natural-processed Ethiopia coffee with narcissus-like flowers and pungent, resiny myrrh as throughlines.
A rich-toned Colombia cup, deftly roasted to foreground chocolate and spice notes.
A bright, intense espresso, fragrant and complex both in the straight shot and in milk.
The startling complexity of the great Gesha variety is quietly but decisively expressed in a short, concentrated espresso shot produced from this Nespresso-compatible capsule.
A classic, on-point washed Ethiopia cup: floral-toned, with bright berry and zesty citrus notes, all enveloped in delicate cocoa.
An intriguing Guatemala cup, classic yet idiosyncratic, redolent of stone fruit and sweet nuts, and an excellent value at $11.95 for 12 ounces.
An intense Kenya espresso, confident and punchy, with deep floral, fruit and chocolate notes in both straight shot and milk.
A fruit-driven natural-processed espresso from Colombia, particularly inviting in milk.
A bright, crisp, cocoa-toned Guatemala coffee with a throughline of sweet herbs suggesting a fragrant lemon verbena.
A crisp, sweet-toned Colombia cup with engaging stone fruit and chocolate notes throughout.
A fruit-forward natural-processed Colombia espresso, rich with chocolate and aromatic wood notes and an intriguing hint of brandy.
A balanced, fruit-forward natural-processed Costa Rica cup, with a whisper of pleasing sweet ferment.
A confident Kenya with a classic cup profile: bright, juicy, with prominent fruit and floral tones grounded by a resonant current of umami.
A chocolaty coffee animated by rich nut and floral tones.
A rich-toned natural-processed Yirgacheffe espresso, saturated with complex fruit notes balanced by delicate honeysuckle-like flowers and fragrant aromatic wood.
A fruit-and-chocolate-saturated natural-processed Yirgacheffe, lush and syrupy. For lovers of fine ports and fruit-bomb California red table wines. Casual coffee drinkers who assume all coffees taste about the same should try this one.
A single-origin espresso that invokes the tropics, with plumeria-like flowers and sweetly tart fruit notes akin to tamarind.
A sophisticated espresso blend, rich and chocolaty, with notes of elegant flowers and deeply sweet dried fruit.
A chocolaty Brazil cup with sweet nut notes throughout, animated by dried stonefruit and floral suggestions.
A classic Kenya cup: balanced, muscularly fruit-toned, elegantly floral.
A sweetly and intriguingly herb- and citrus-toned washed-process Ethiopia cup, delicately bright yet rich.
An invitingly clean, crisp natural-processed Ethiopia with hints of ginger-like spice notes.
A fruit-forward, crisply sweet natural-processed Ethiopia cup.
A crisp, sweetly herby and citrusy Ethiopia natural — and certified organic.
A gently brisk, sweetly nut-toned Central America cup: smooth, balanced, friendly.
A richly sweet, savory-edged Ethiopia cup, both spice-toned and redolent of tropical fruit.
A cocoa-toned natural-processed Ethiopia cup, deeply fruity and sweetly herbaceous.
A spice-driven, floral-toned Kenya cup with balanced, bright acidity.
Stone fruit, dark chocolate and sweet florals characterize this all-Bourbon coffee from a woman-owned farm in El Salvador.
A bright and zesty, floral- and spice-driven wet-processed Ethiopia cup.
A classic Kenya cup, juicy-sweet, with leading notes of black currant backed up by cocoa and spicy florals.
A roundly sweet-tart Costa Rica honey-processed cup with pretty notes of stonefruit and molasses, framed by aromatic wood notes.
A nuanced, richly layered Yirgacheffe espresso with bold fruit and floral tones complicated by hints of fine musk throughout both the straight shot and in milk.
A classic washed Yirgacheffe cup: juicy and crisply sweet-tart with notes of stone fruit, citrus blossom and chocolate throughout.
A sweet, chocolaty FTO Colombia cup with umami intrigue.
A bright, engaging, complex Tanzania coffee. Inviting notes of dried tropical fruit and rich florals bookend sweet herb notes and a vanilla-like suggestion reminiscent of fresh cigar wrapper.
A crisply elegant expression of red honey-processed coffee by a masterful producer in Costa Rica.
A soaring Gesha cup: balanced, both delicate and rich, deeply floral and stone fruit-laden.
A big, juicy Kenya with sweet-tart fruit notes and a dark chocolate base, classic in its balance of sweet and savory impulses.
An elegant, spice-toned Kenya cup loaded with red fruit notes and exhilarating, high-toned florals.
A rich, savory-leaning Kenya cup with a vivid spicy-floral throughline.
A harmonious, refined, exquisitely clean natural-processed Geisha cup.
A classically appealing Kenya cup: juicy, sweet-toned with a savory ballast and spicy floral notes.
A complex, chocolaty and floral Kenya cup with pretty stone fruit notes throughout.
A sweetly fruit-forward natural-processed Ethiopia with spicy-floral intrigue.
A Kenya cup that juxtaposes savory and sweet with a pleasing and original undercurrent of earthy-spicy ginseng.
A pleasingly rich Kenya cup, deftly roasted to medium-dark, with chocolate and stone fruit notes throughout.
A deep, nuanced Kenya cup with notes of tart fruit, sweet florals, and rich aromatic wood.
A lively citrus- and cocoa-driven, richly sweet-tart Kenya cup.
A deep, rich, chocolaty natural-processed Ethiopia coffee with intriguing notes of mesquite-like aromatic wood.
A chocolate-toned, floral Kenya cup, with bittersweet notes of citrus zest, pleasingly roasted toward the darker end of medium.
A solid Colombia cup with balanced structure and acidity and engaging, understated fruit and floral tones.
An elegant, floral-driven espresso, simultaneously delicate and rich.
A resonantly sweet-savory Kenya espresso: deep, vivid, alive with notes of berry, cocoa, nut and tamarind.
A chocolaty blend with notes of tropical fruit and sweet earth tones.
A confident, floral-and chocolate-toned natural-processed Ethiopia espresso.
One of the most riveting Kenyas we’ve cupped all year: bright, deep, juicy and intricately nuanced.
A bright, richly sweet, invitingly tart and complex washed Ethiopia cup.
A fine classic espresso blend: deeply sweet and chocolaty, with supporting notes of rich aromatic wood and magnolia-like flowers.
A finely balanced, vivaciously high-toned washed Ethiopia cup animated by sweet floral and tart fruit notes.
A balanced washed-process Ethiopia cup with pleasing notes of stone fruit and baker’s chocolate as throughlines.
A classic Kenya cup: juicy and bright, layered with fruit and floral intrigue.
A tactfully darker-roasted Guatemala, richly bittersweet and chocolaty in the cup, supported by notes of smoky aromatic wood.
An inviting, chocolaty natural-processed Ethiopia coffee with a throughline of sweet, citrusy herb notes suggesting lemon verbena.
A crisply fruit-forward, inviting black honey-processed coffee with gentle acidity.
A rich, sweet Yemen cup, the essence of dried fruit, nicely nuanced by sandalwood-like aromatic wood notes.
A multi-layered Kenya coffee with a perfect balance of sweet, tart and savory notes — in particular, dried berries and richly bittersweet flowers.
A friendly, floral-toned Guatemala cup with undercurrents of rich hazelnut.
A complex, multi-layered, exquisitely clean natural-processed Geisha cup.
Tropical fruit- and spice-toned aromatic wood characterize this uniquely sweet, engagingly tart natural-processed Geisha cup.
Barrington’s anniversary blend is worthy of a celebration, brilliantly curated and roasted, and under $15 a bag.
The sale of this impressively chocolaty and floral Uganda cup provides multifaceted support aimed at preserving mountain gorillas in their human and natural environment.
A fruit-forward Costa Rica cup with a throughline of fresh strawberry and dark chocolate and a whisper of grappa-like sweet ferment.
A solid Colombia cup: richly chocolate-toned, balanced and sweet.
A vivacious, sweetly tart Colombia redolent of notes of rich nut butter and citrus zest.
A balanced, sweet-toned Guatemala cup with pretty floral top notes and deep chocolate undertones.
A classic Kenya with an umami intrigue that balances the rich sweetness of the cup: multi-layered, paradoxical yet complete.
A deftly blended espresso as good as a straight shot as in milk: rich, high-toned, exuberant with fruit and flowers.
A deeply sweet, richly savory Kenya cup, with pleasingly intense notes of aromatic wood (think fresh pine forest) underneath melon and cocoa tones.
A classically balanced Kenya cup with pretty fruit and floral tones and a bright, engaging acidity.
A cleanly fruit-forward natural-processed Ethiopia cup, redolent with ripe berry notes.
A friendly, straightforward, pleasing Guatemala cup.
A chocolaty coffee fragrant with spice notes that invoke the winter holidays.
A pleasing chocolate-first holiday blend for those who prefer an adeptly darker-roasted coffee.
An exuberant fruit- and floral-driven natural-processed Geisha, vibrant and engaging, with an intriguing spice-toned complication.
A complex, nuanced Costa Rica Geisha: sweetly herb-toned, deeply floral, with lift from notes of enlivening peppercorn.
A multi-layered cup redolent with stone fruit, sweet nuts and pungent florals, animated by a bright, engaging acidity.
A nuanced, deep Maragogype cup from Guatemala, with intense floral tones simultaneously sweet and savory.
A balanced, richly sweet coffee driven by notes of stone fruit punctuated by spice tones throughout.
A deep, chocolaty cup with crisply sweet fruit and floral tones.
A richly fruit-forward natural-processed Nicaragua Pacamara with a pleasing sweet-ferment edge we read as berry liqueur.
A clean, honey-processed Pacamara cup, gently bright, in which tart fruit and sweet spice notes predominate.
An unusually sweet, richly floral cup with a hint of sweet herbaceousness.
An intriguing and original Pacamara cup with pretty hints of sweet herb alongside bright fruit notes.
A solid, balanced Pacamara cup: richly sweet, with a chocolate throughline.
A floral-driven natural-processed Ethiopia Geisha that invokes a stroll under wisteria vines; tart fruit and sweet nut tones provide support and balance.
Layers upon layers of spicy floral and fruit notes resonate in this natural-processed Gesha from Colombia.
2018's highest-rated holiday blend, a dynamic, spirited, original coffee with sweet, tart and savory tendencies harmoniously balanced. Organic- and fair-trade-certified; packaged in a gift bag with original art on the label.
A washed Panama Geisha cup, classic in its high-toned confidence, paradoxically both crisp and richly syrupy.
Delicate yet extravagant rendition of the great Geisha profile.
Grapey sweetness working against a complex cedary, lavender-toned pungency distinguishes this intriguing black-honey-processed version of great Geisha cup.
Another essay in delicately lush extravagance and aromatic originality from the great Geisha variety.
The blender’s art at its finest: an original and complete cup.
A classic natural-processed Ethiopia cup: balanced, driven by fruit and floral tones, with an elegant cocoa throughline.
A high-toned wet-processed Ethiopia cup with balanced vivacity.
A sweet-toned, engaging Colombia cup with crisp baker’s chocolate as a throughline.
A solid, straightfoward decaf espresso from Colombia, especially chocolaty in cappuccino-scaled milk.
A crisply sweet Colombia cup driven by engaging floral notes and hints of red apple and fresh-cut fir.
A rich-toned Kenya carried by pleasing savory notes that support and balance the coffee’s deep sweetness.
A subtle but persuasive version of the resonantly pungent, berry-and-flowers Kenya-style cup.
A spirited, high-toned Ethiopia cup with vivacious floral spice notes throughout.
Moderately-dark-roasted, this dried-in-the-fruit Costa Rica nets a quietly classic espresso profile: chocolaty, with a roast-toned, cedary depth and a zingy hint of tangerine.
A marvel of a coffee, inviting and esoteric, chimerical and grounded, all at once.
A resonantly sweet Guatemala cup with notes of warming spices and cocoa powder throughout.
A fruit-forward, natural-processed Ethiopia cup with a throughline of sweet aromatic wood notes.
A cleanly crisp yet plushly fruit-toned, natural-processed Ethiopia cup.
An opulent Kenya carried by spice notes (both floral and peppery) that balance the coffee’s deep sweetness.
A friendly, richly nut-toned Brazil cup, a bit reminiscent of nutella, with pleasing notes of fresh-cut fir and pear throughout.
A balanced, richly floral natural-processed Ethiopia cup redolent with crisply sweet fruit tones throughout.
An impressive sweetness is complicated by a brisk edge in this big-bodied, apricot- and cocoa-toned Guatemala.
A classic version of the Yirgacheffe cup, all seductive flowers, soft citrus, and cocoa.
A balanced and engaging Kenya: high-toned with spicy floral and delicate cocoa notes.
Expressive and resonant: Spice-toned florals and sweetly savory pipe tobacco offer rich throughlines.
A harmonious Kenya that gracefully integrates sweet and savory, bright and bitter, in vibrant balance.
Dynamic, engaging, classic washed Ethiopia cup, propelled by sweet floral and juicy stone-fruit notes.
A cleanly and seductively fruit-forward, richly chocolate-toned natural-processed Ethiopia cup.
A stone fruit-driven natural-processed Geisha cup with an engaging, cleanly cordial-like fruit ferment suggestion throughout.
A richly aromatic blend of two Ethiopia coffees, one washed- and one natural-processed, that deliver a complex package of bright and savory: flowers, pungent fruit, herb.
A fine and wintery Ethiopia-Kenya blend named for the bonds formed within and beyond the family: deep, rich, both sweet and savory.
A washed-process Pacamara cup that leads with bright stone fruit notes, balanced by bittersweet citrus zest and aromatic wood.
A fine Ethiopia wet-processed cup: balanced and engaging, with stone fruit and sweet florals as throughlines.
An especially clean natural-processed coffee: a fruit bomb tempered by rich aromatic wood notes.
A citrus-driven wet-processed Ethiopia cup with fragrant aromatic wood notes throughout.
A bright, juicy, berry-toned Hawaii cup from the extremely rare tree variety Pointu Laurina, worth a splurge for its clean fruit and sweet, cocoa-laden richness.
A high-toned wet-processed Ethiopia cup, expertly roasted to a darkish medium to amplify the rich chocolate notes without obscuring the sweet-tart tropical fruit.
A nuanced, multi-layered washed Ethiopia cup with a deep floral profile and energetic lift from an elegant spice throughline.
Citrus-driven, sweetly herb-toned, very delicate yet aromatically rich.
A solid Colombia cup, classic in its deep, balanced sweetness and cocoa throughline.
A poised and melodic wet-processed Ethiopia coffee, centered on complex citrus notes supported by sweet spice and cocoa.
A rich, resonant espresso from Thailand, especially attractive in cappuccino-scaled milk.
A high-toned, nuanced Kenya cup, classic in its presentation of sweet-tart currant and deep chocolate notes.
A playful, unrestrained fruit bomb of a coffee, rich with berry and fudgy chocolate notes throughout.
An espresso blend in which spice notes — in particular, a peppery element reminiscent of sweet Szechuan peppercorns — figure prominently and are in harmonious balance with the rich sweetness of the coffee, both in the straight shot and in milk.
A subtly but strikingly original Honduras coffee: deep, complex and sweetly spice-toned.
A richly sweet, elegantly composed Bourbon cup from the Democratic Republic of the Congo; multi-layered and deeply engaging.
A high-toned, juicy Yirgacheffe cup, classic in its balance of bright fruit, sweet floral and cocoa tones.
The grand floral and cocoa complexity of the Gesha variety is amplified here by an innovative processing method that turns mouthfeel big and buoyant and the fruit lush, intense and giddily brandy-toned.
An engaging coffee from the unusual Sidra variety—rich, floral, balanced and bright.
A splendid Colombia Geisha: deep floral and fruit tones juxtaposed with underlying umami intrigue.
Big, characteristic Rwanda sweet-tartness juxtaposed with savory depth, with a supporting intrigue of spice, flowers and complex fruit.
A deeply satisfying, impeccably clean natural Ethiopia cup: a chocolate bomb lifted by pretty notes of dried berries and high-toned florals.
A deftly darker-roasted, rich-toned, confident Kenya espresso, classic in roast style, as well as in expression of its origin: bright, juicy, balanced, deep.
A balanced, richly sweet-tart Ethiopia-Sumatra blend that’s also fair trade and organic-certified.
A classic Sumatra coffee: aromatically seductive, with deep florals and sweet fruit notes, supported by a fresh, foresty earthiness.
A very impressive decaf, tested here for drip or other non-espresso applications: Sweet, balanced, cocoa-driven.
A deeply sweet, subtly fruit-toned cup processed by the honey method, unusual for coffees from Colombia.
A fine decaf espresso blend animated by tart fruit and bittersweet citrus zest notes, with a cocoa throughline.
A deftly darker-roasted Yirgacheffe cup centered around notes of dark chocolate and spicy florals, with a particularly satisfying mouthfeel.
A fine Rwanda natural: clean, bright, juicy, mesmerizing.
A sweet-toned Rwanda cup with pretty floral and stone fruit notes throughout.
A floral- and tropical fruit-toned wet-processed Ethiopia cup.
A classic wet-processed Ethiopia cup: bright and vibrant, with leading notes of stone fruit and cocoa.
A distinctive wet-processed Ethiopia cup with resonant stone fruit and crisp chocolate notes throughout.
A pretty Ethiopia coffee characterized by tropical fruit and spice-toned flowers.
A deeply sweet Kenya cup with a developed roast profile that equally prioritizes flowers and chocolate.
A spice-driven, fruit-forward natural-processed Ethiopia cup: rich, resonant, clean, deep.
A lush Tanzania cup laden with red fruit and deep chocolate tones throughout, lifted by a bright acidity.
An entertaining Ecuador coffee with an unusual profile that pleasingly suggests root beer, punctuated by bright herb and sweet-toned spice notes.
An elegant, balanced Ecuador cup saturated with notes of tropical fruit and spicy flowers.
An impressive Ecuador cup: big, resonant, layered with sweet stone fruit and rich nut tones.
An ultra-sweet Peru Geisha cup resonating rich floral and deep nut tones throughout.
A cleanly fruit-toned natural-processed Peru cup, ringing with spicy floral and rich aromatic wood notes.
A nuanced Peru coffee characterized by red fruit notes, rich aromatic wood, and a throughline of sweet musk-like notes.
A graceful natural-processed Geisha cup, understated and elegant in its clean fruit and deep cocoa notes.
A balanced, classic Ethiopia wet-processed cup: cocoa- and citrus-toned with sweet florals throughout.
An inviting cup from the classic Bourbon variety as grown in Kona, complex and sweet-savory.
A fruit-driven natural-processed Kona Typica cup with a pleasing hint of grappa-like sweet ferment.
A rich, pleasing Rwanda coffee with berry notes, vanilla-like florals, and an appealing hint of sweet herbs.
A citrus-driven, quite bright Guatemala cup with a pretty floral note akin to candied violet.
An espresso blend creatively comprised of both washed- and natural-processed coffees, the former bringing bright florals to the cup, the latter, deep fruit.
A crisp, richly sweet, berry-driven black honey from Costa Rica.
A beautiful Kenya cup with layers of intrigue, from the classic cocoa-toned currant note to the pleasing twist of sweetly savory herbs.
An aromatically saturated, flavor-deep cup that hits all of the classic Ethiopia notes: fruit, florals, cocoa and aromatic wood.
A pretty, floral-toned Ethiopia cup with particularly vibrant acidity and plush mouthfeel.
A perfectly structured coffee alive with aromatic intrigue. It gave us far too many positive descriptors to list. Just a few more: dried mulberry, blood orange zest, raw honey.
An unusual honey-processed coffee from Sumatra: graceful, balanced, quietly original.
Attractive choice for lovers of the traditional Sumatra wet-hulled profile: earthy, pungent, yet bright, offering bonus satisfaction for supporters of progressive, women-led cooperatives.
Bright and vivacious, yet resonantly deep: a Sumatra for all seasons.
A rich-toned, resonant, cleanly fruity natural-processed Ethiopia cup with delicate florals and sweet musky notes throughout.
A high-toned yet deeply savory Tanzania cup with resonant stone fruit and spicy floral notes throughout.
A deeply sweet, chocolaty and spice-toned El Salvador, adeptly roasted for espresso.
A light-footed, exhilaratingly bright and juicy espresso, complex as both straight shot and in short milk.
An intentionally ferment-toned Geisha cup with exquisite balance: notes of passionfruit on the sweet end of the spectrum and hops on the savory, with dark chocolate running through the whole.
Superb and classic Kenya, intense in structure, layered and resonantly intricate in aroma and flavor.
A balanced, expressive espresso blend with dessert-like aroma and flavor notes.
A beautiful berry-centric natural-processed coffee from Brazil, with especially high-toned acidity and deep cocoa notes throughout.
An attractively savory-leaning Rwanda cup whose leading descriptor is sweet squash; this unusual but pleasing note is supported by sweet herb and spicy floral suggestions, rounded by a rich cocoa.
Crisp, chocolaty, roast-toned cup, with a zesty edge.
A plush, smooth roast-touched Kona.
A beautifully balanced Peru cup: fruit, flowers and nuts in crisply sweet harmony.
A solid Ecuador cup, balanced and friendly, with appealing cocoa notes throughout.
A natural-processed Peru cup with an appealing hint of cordial-like sweet ferment animating a layering of fruit, floral and tobacco notes.
Though delicate and perhaps a bit bright for some palates, the integrated breadth of “tart” is reminiscent of fine desserts by the same name. An elegant example of the Kenya type.
The first coffee from Malaysian Borneo to be roasted for retail consumers in the U.S. and a promising new project in a region not yet known for specialty coffee.
A quietly seductive Colombia, organized around a pleasingly sweet chocolate note.
Deep, resonant and pleasing. Dry, yet quite plump and juicy.
A roast-toned, richly bittersweet espresso with prominent chocolate character and sweet floral nuance.
A clean, bright natural Sidamo cup: high-toned fruit, deep musk notes, bittersweet complexity.
An impressively integrated Rwanda espresso, equally sweet and savory. Especially pleasing in milk, where chocolate and tamarind suggestions contribute to a bright, expressive cappuccino.
A classic Rwanda cup: deeply sweet yet resonant with savory intrigue. Think cocoa-toned baking spices.
A superbly structured natural-processed Ethiopia Gesha that leads with clean fruit tones supported by rich cocoa and deep florals.
A quiet coffee with a very distinct savory sweetness. Those who avoid assertively bright coffees may enjoy its restraint.
A shape-shifter of a coffee: brilliant, original, absorbing.
An aromatically bright and rousing Typica cup, high-toned with bittersweet citrus and rich spice notes.
An attractive composite of tart and savory elements and an exciting coffee, given the historic limitations on processing in Colombia.
Classic Sumatra genius: chocolate and earth, sweet-savory berry, balanced and complete.
Fine traditional Sumatra, lightly plump and juicy in mouthfeel, aromatically driven by earth-nuanced pungent fruit and dry chocolate.
Snacking after some work in the garden. The scent of fresh-turned earth and dark chocolate.
An impressively clean, crisp, cocoa-toned (and atypical) natural-processed coffee from Sumatra.
For lovers of depth and sweet-savory resonance — those who enjoy the roundly sweet/tart/savory character of a fine ripe tomato, for example.
Crisp, briskly dry yet sweet; delicately chocolate- and nut-toned.
A quietly original coffee: big-bodied, low-toned, crisply sweet-savory.
Adventures in wine yeast: Two of Hawai’i’s (and the world’s) most common coffee varieties are elevated by an experimental fermentation method that results in a beverage that evokes Champagne — fruity but dry, not effervescent, but exceptionally vibrant.
A deep, nuanced Gesha, excitingly original with high-toned herb notes, low-toned, almost candy-sweet fruit, and rich, spice-toned florals.
A fascinating sensory experience of a coffee aged in rum barrels: a recombinant mashup of musky fruit notes, sweet ferment, spicy florals, and chocolate with a salty edge.
The classically delicate, subtle Kona Typica profile is enhanced by the careful medium roast, as well as by the selection of peaberries only.
A classic SL-28 cup, juicy-sweet with leading notes of red fruit and spice-toned sweet florals, supported by suggestions of buttery toffee.
An engaging natural-processed Ka’u coffee, fruit-driven, with a foundation of pipe tobacco and cocoa notes.
A window into the great potential of higher-grown, cool-climate Maui coffee: bright but balanced, sweet-toned, and subtly nuanced. Grown in Kula, an agricultural zone on the western-facing slopes of Mount Haleakala and source of most of the island’s locally grown fruits and vegetables.
Richly floral and cleanly fruit-toned, an impressive and increasingly familiar style of natural- and honey-processed coffee from Ka’u producers.
The fruit typical of a natural-processed coffee is pleasingly balanced here by deep nougat, citrus zest, and rich aromatic wood notes.
An opportunity to taste one of the world’s rarest coffees, a hybrid that exemplifies the persistence and ingenuity of coffee scientists.
An attractively tart and savory honey-processed coffee. Try it with salty morning dishes, which should develop its subtle, complementary sweetness.
An extraordinary coffee, difficult to characterize in typical coffee language, yet deeply satisfying, ringing with quiet, resonant authority.
A deep, satisfying coffee, accessible yet resonantly complex.
A complex and engaging rendition of the characteristically richly spicy, tobacco-toned, floral-fruity Yemen profile.
A rich-toned straight shot, and an inviting espresso in milk: resonant and familiar in its harmonious bittersweetness.
A “classic” espresso in the old-school Italian style. Perhaps the addition of quality-sourced Robusta coffee gives the blend a throwback Italian vibe.
Propeller’s Ace Espresso Blend comprises an ever-evolving series of components that seem to always hit the mark; this version is bright, sweetly tart, and singingly confident.
Suggests classic in its fusion of fruit and chocolate, but the inclusion of a natural-processed Central America coffee in the blend adds a newer-style, high-toned fruit note that is especially pretty in milk.
A balanced, friendly natural-processed Ethiopia cup characterized by cocoa-toned stone fruit and delicate florals.
A good choice for lovers of natural-processed coffees who prefer to avoid even a hint of sweet ferment; this cup is all clean fruit and florals.
A vibrant, high-toned washed-processed Ethiopia cup with rich floral and citrus tones throughout, all enveloped in dark chocolate.
An intriguing Colombia cup with deep savory-sweetness, top notes of elegant flowers and undertones of earthy-sweet pipe tobacco.
A beautiful fruit- and floral-toned Colombia cup with undertones of rich chocolate and resonant sandalwood.
A lush, high-toned natural Colombia cup, as clean and bright as its name implies.
A classic Kenya cup: bright, balanced, sweetly savory and deeply vibrant throughout.
A pretty, richly fruit-toned natural-processed Kona cup, organic-certified.
A friendly, cocoa- and nut-toned Guatemala espresso, both as straight shot and in cappuccino-scaled milk.
A coffee that in its wild, unruly intensity and intriguing aromatic drama challenges the boundaries of what coffee is and can be.
A uniquely compelling coffee that is, at turns, spicy, floral, chocolaty and fruit-toned, yet in the end harmonious and complete.
A deeply rich Colombia coffee with equal parts sweet (chocolate, flowers, fruit) and savory (hop flowers): balanced and inviting.
A balanced, poised espresso in the newer, brighter style.
An espresso whose expression in the straight shot is classic Kenya in a dance of vibrant sweet and savory and shimmering aromatic complexity; in milk, it’s an almost addictive fine dessert with an umami edge.
A floral- and spice-toned cup: balanced, complex, multilayered.
A Kenya espresso blend, through and through, with the hallmark brightness and savory edge associated with this origin’s classically sweet-tart structure.
A “classic” third-wave espresso that presents bittersweet citrus, rich floral and lemony herb notes, all rounded by chocolate throughout.
Suggests traditional Italian-style espresso, bittersweet and accessible, with especially pretty chocolate notes.
An unusual espresso blend, sweet and tart, with intriguing spice notes suggesting cardamom.
An avant-garde espresso blend of nine different natural-processed coffees — ideal for the lover of unabashedly fruit-toned coffees.
A pleasing Ethiopia natural: balanced, accessible, sweetly fruit-forward.
A solid Brazil natural: clean, deeply sweet, with a pleasing savory throughline.
A friendly, easy-drinking Costa Rica cup, lively with citrusy herb notes and sweet florals.
A big, richly, authoritative sweet-savory Kenya, lifted and animated by shimmers of flowers and tart citrus.
An inviting coffee from Peru, characterized by deep florals and balanced by notes of stone fruit and citrus zest.
Sweet and savory in equal measure, with a tart throughline: complex, nuanced, and multilayered.
A heady coffee with clean, confident fruit notes throughout, supported by deep chocolate and spice-toned florals.
An attractively bright and fruit-centered coffee with unique and inviting savory elements.
A satisfying Guatemala espresso: balanced, with notes of stone fruit and cocoa. Especially attractive in the milk shot.
A masterful blend of coffees from four different coffee-producing countries that nets a vibrant, engaging shot and a rich, decadent cappuccino.
A juicy, balanced espresso blend, both in the straight shot—where berry notes predominate—and in milk—where chocolate frames the fruit and florals.
An unusually successful “melange” coffee in which the same blend of green beans is roasted both darker and lighter, then combined. This version hits all of the notes associated with a complete, classic espresso: rich, resounding, chocolaty, floral and fruit-toned.
A complex, nuanced expression of a natural-processed Yirgacheffe coffee: fruit-forward, balanced, juicy and multi-layered — the fruit-centered genius of a natural conveyed with the completeness and inevitability of a classic.
A classic Kenya cup: sweet, tart, juicy all wrapped together with deep-toned red fruit and spicy floral notes.
A pretty, fruit-prominent natural-processed coffee expressing balance and finesse.
Rather than the typical Kenya black currant and cocoa profile, this equally remarkable Kenya is driven by the intensity of the musky/rich elements and the juicy stone fruit and citrus.
Quiet, round, crisply balanced, with sweet stone fruit and cocoa supported by savory-leaning nut and oak.
A sweetly bright yet roundly savory rendition of the rare Sidra varietal.
A compelling natural espresso — fully loaded with chocolaty, fruit-forward adventure.
A thoroughly enjoyable fruit-forward espresso with considerable complexity, expressed by the roaster through the romantic notion written on the retail bag, “The road to love is very happy, Blowing the horn at 3pm.”
An impressive example of Mexico-grown Geisha: elegant, delicate, nuanced, and deeply engaging.
An extremely rare, limited-production coffee procured by Miguel Meza of Paradise Roasters, well worth sampling for its balanced, pleasingly complex cup profile.
A rare opportunity to sample a fine specialty coffee emerging valiantly from a neglected coffee-growing region where 90 percent of coffee grown is of the Robusta species and almost all is consumed locally.
Deep, floral and cleanly fruit-toned, with prominent notes of dried stone fruit, spicy florals, and rich aromatic wood.
A sweet-toned natural Ethiopia cup that supplements ripe berry notes and dark chocolate with inviting hints of rich sandalwood.
Fragrant jasmine and pungent incense-like notes in distinguish this crisply graceful wet-processed Ethiopia.
A fine darker-roasted espresso; the aromatic roast notes are saturated with Ethiopia chocolate and flowers. Especially attractive in the milk shot.
A mesmerizing Kenya that is equally balanced among sweet, tart and savory impulses, with a particularly lively acidity.
A creative blend of washed and natural-processed coffees that complement each other with primary notes of both chocolate and fruit, both in the straight shot and in milk.
A friendly, engaging PNG cup with leading notes of deep florals supported by sweet nut tones throughout the profile.
One of the most striking coffees we’ve tested this year: levitatingly vibrant, profoundly integrated, with savory and sweet in deep harmony — and, paradoxically, both classic and original in its expression of the great Kenya style.
A blend of washed and wet-hulled coffees that reads like a friendly Sumatra: sweetly wood-framed with notes of chocolate and baking spices.
A harmonious, lyrical, balanced Kenya coffee, classic in its expression of both sweet and savory impulses.
An elegant natural-processed Ethiopia that is fruit-forward without a hint of ferment: crisp, clean, juicy-sweet.
An integrated, citrus-inflected washed Ethiopia cup with a cocoa throughline and spicy floral notes, particularly in the aroma.
The nut notes are pleasant but just a front; drink it for its grown-up dry chocolate, zesty lime and elderflower notes that emerge with just a little patience.
Balanced and comprehensive in structure, with a subtle but grand array of aromatics: honey-like flowers, crisp lavender-like flowers, juicy yet savory fruit (we called it roasted pineapple), nut, dry chocolate.
Both delicate and resonant, animated by sweet, honeyish nut and lime-toned citrus.
A nut-toned bitter-savory inclination is lifted majestically by a deep, cherry-like sweetness. Drink it for the contrast, and the big, syrupy mouthfeel.
A quietly original Geisha: sweet-savory, complexly aromatic.
Cedary dark chocolate and subtle walnut and peach notes make this a particularly accessible version of the great Pacamara profile.
Almost two coffees, one dominated by a bracing bitter-leaning structure, the other sweet and complexly aromatic. Enjoy it for its paradox and its particularly syrupy mouthfeel.
A sweetly fermenty natural-processed Ethiopia turned slightly more austere by bittersweet floral and spicy aromatic wood notes.
Lovely Ethiopia natural: cleanly fruit-toned, crisp, resonant, and sweet through and through.
A juicy, rich natural-processed Yirgacheffe cup with clean fruit and cocoa tones throughout and an appealing savory edge.
A single-origin espresso from Guatemala pleasingly floral-prominent in both the straight shot and with milk. Rich, crisp, high-toned.
A pleasing umami-driven Kenya that foreground notes of sweet, ripe tomato with enveloped in rich florals and crisp chocolate.
A richly bittersweet Guatemala cup punctuated by pretty notes of citrus zest throughout.
Exhilarating, bright, balmy: like drinking a spring day with a cocoa chaser.
An exquisitely balanced natural-processed Geisha with the deep, sweet complexity the type can offer without a hint of ferment: crisply sweet fruit top and bottom notes, along with rich florals and chocolate tones in the mid-palate, all enhanced by a whisper of sandalwood.
Extravagant florals and spice-toned cocoa notes characterize this deeply sweet, washed-processed Panama cup with a nuanced yet omnipresent umami impulse.
An impressively smooth, coherent structure supports a quietly pleasing set of Geisha aromatics. Should satisfy those who may find the full-on Panama Geisha fireworks a bit much but who still enjoy the distinctive character of this rare variety.
A deep berry-toned cup with a juicy hint of sweet ferment and rich cocoa notes throughout.
A beautifully structured natural-processed Ethiopia Gesha, with striking sweetness pleasingly complicated by notes of aromatic resin and tropical fruit.
A pleasingly coherent coffee that is both sweet and savory in harmonious balance, with floral and fruit tones throughout and an herbaceous note that grounds and enriches the whole.
A delicately complex and nuanced coffee, subtly composed around fruit and musky floral tones.
An interpretation of classic espresso, with rich, smoky-toned chocolate alongside sweet fruit. Particularly pleasing in three parts milk.
A lovely espresso whose tartness is integrated with a deep and embracing sweetness.
A coffee for those who like their washed Ethiopias high-toned and tart-leaning, with an abiding cocoa- and floral-toned sweetness throughout.
An undeniably powerful espresso, and an interesting and engaging interpretation of the ancient Mocha-Java blend concept, combining fruit and flowers from an Ethiopia/Yemen coffee with rich spice and sweet depth from an Indonesia.
A resonant expression of the traditional Panama washed cup, driven by deep chocolate notes supported by subtle but persistent sweet floral tones. A bargain at $12 for 12 ounces.
A sweet, pleasingly floral coffee animated by berry and cocoa notes throughout.
A big-bodied Kenya, zesty, deep, yet delicately layered in the aromatics.
A bold sweet-savory espresso with a striking and original range of aromatics.
An extremely rare, limited-production coffee procured by Miguel Meza of Paradise Roasters, unique in both backstory and cup.
A complex, umami- and citrus-driven natural-processed Ethiopia cup that hits all the pleasure spots: sweet, tart and savory in harmonious balance.
A crisp, sweetly herbaceous and citrusy Guatemala cup with warming spice tones throughout.
A gently roasty cup redolent of chocolate and deep, spice-toned florals.
A natural-processed Ethiopia ideal for those who enjoy a restrained hint of fruit ferment, in this case suggesting a just-emptied wine barrel in a cool cellar.
A washed-process Ethiopia cup with leading notes of stone fruit and spicy florals and an especially inviting texture.
A savory-leaning yet deeply sweet Kenya coffee with the distinct red and black currant notes characteristic of the origin, bittersweet florals and a lively citrus.
A nut- and chocolate-toned espresso blend, quite dark-roasted, that displays particularly nicely in cappuccino-scaled milk.
A balanced, sweetly nut-driven cup with pretty notes of baker’s chocolate and hints of oak forest that linger into the finish.
An exquisitely clean natural-processed Gesha cup from Ethiopia, elegantly structured and confidently aromatic.
An enticing natural-processed Ethiopia with big fruit notes supported by deep chocolate, rich aromatic wood and impressive spice-toned florals.
A rich-toned, floral-driven espresso, particularly expressive in cappuccino-scaled milk.
A friendly, accessible Guatemala cup: crispy sweet with nut and chocolate throughlines.
An accessible espresso, medium-roasted and balanced, with pleasing chocolate, fruit and floral notes in both straight shot and milk.
A clean natural-processed Colombia cup from an unusual variety of Arabica — fruit-driven and chocolaty.
Roast-prominent yet thoroughly integrated, this espresso offers a compelling sweet-savory depth for those who enjoy the style.
A classic washed Ethiopia cup: high-toned, rich and juicy, with notes of stone fruit and flowers throughout.
A cleanly and thoroughly berry-toned natural-processed Geisha with big chocolate notes throughout and satisfying savory underpinnings.
An unabashedly fruit-centered natural-processed Geisha with big florals to match the fruit and compelling, subtle spice undertones.
An anaerobic-processed coffee whose startling originality leans toward musk, chocolate and cinnamon.
Drink it for its original yet subtly expressed embodiment of the peculiarly intriguingly sweet-tart genius of anaerobic or lactic acid fermentation.
The complex, sweet-spicy character of Mexican chocolate dominates in this shifting, surprising, but ultimately balanced cup.
The startling aromatic surprises of the Geisha variety are overlaid and intensified by the less familiar surprises of an experimental lactic-acid-inducing fermentation step. For those who pursue the rare and remarkable in beverages.  
Drink it for its originality and paradox: Sweet, musky and perfumy yet crisp and bracingly brisk.
A processing variation (fermentation without added water) perhaps contributes to the deep, savory-sweet floral-toned intrigue of this fine washed-process Ethiopia.
Deeply sweet in structure with savory undertones and intriguing, original aromatics centered on brisk, bittersweet flowers.
A sweet but brisk cup saturated by a seductive sweet chocolate and a lively lime-like citrus. 
A bold, chocolaty espresso with a floral throughline that is especially rich-toned in cappucino-scaled milk.
Drink it if you like a nuanced but bright, sweet-tart cup in the traditional style.
A big, juicy, and crisply sweet Kenya cup, with compelling savory undertones and a cocoa throughline.
A powerful and engaging cup, paradoxical in its combination of roasty-savory depth and tart, floral-toned intensity.
A multi-layered Jamaica coffee with distinct chocolate and spicy floral tones and a throughline of dried fruit reminiscent of fig.
An elegant, inviting Guatemala cup with a particularly impressive structure, balanced yet buoyant and lively.
An intensely bright coffee with attractive, savory-leaning undertones.
A levitatingly sweet and juicy coffee, an extravaganza of fruit and flowers with deep chocolate throughout — pure, yet lavish.
A friendly, accessible cocoa- and nut-toned El Salvador cup.
A high-toned Nicaragua cup showing a range of stone fruit, cocoa, and sweet nut in harmonious balance.
A fruit-forward natural processed Ethiopia cup with ballast from rich cocoa and floral suggestions throughout the profile.
An explosively sweet, fruit-forward natural-processed coffee produced by the same farm that gave us the latest price-record-breaking, most sought-after Geisha in the world. Consider this coffee a worthy and affordable cousin.
An exceptionally balanced and cleanly fruit-toned natural-processed Ethiopia with distinct berry and chocolate tones and a particularly syrupy mouthfeel.
A balanced, crisply herb-toned washed Yirgacheffe cup deepened by sweet stonefruit notes.
A balanced, cocoa-driven Kenya cup with classic currant notes and rich florals throughout.
A straightforward, accessible blend that mirrors the fast-casual restaurant setting in which it’s served.
A rich-toned Yirgacheffe whose processing method (natural) highlights the cup’s fruit-forward qualities.
A medium-roasted Kenya that highlights the coffee’s chocolate tendencies, with lively, high-toned acidity.
An alluring Sumatra cup, both classic and innovative: sweetly earth-framed (classic) but profoundly high-toned (innovative) with nuanced complexity.
A classic Kenya cup with bright, juicy fruit and lively sweet-tart acidity.
A bright and vibrantly rich contemporary-style espresso with an appealing depth of character.
A straightforward, deeply sweet, cocoa-laden Guatemala cup.
A bright, cleanly fruit-toned Ethiopia espresso with big florals balanced by spice suggestions; especially pretty mouthfeel.
The intense roast character will please some and turn off others, but regardless, a thoroughly engaging, complex cup with great levity and sweetness.
A pleasingly tart, invigorating espresso with attractive floral and dry chocolate notes, perhaps best enjoyed as a straight shot or short Americano. 
Very sweet and chocolaty, with pungent florals; especially attractive in cappuccino-scaled milk.
A fine Indonesia/El Salvador espresso blend that is both chocolate-driven and exceptionally floral.
A friendly, accessible Ethiopia cup animated by pleasing berry and spicy floral notes.
A lush, juicy, tropical natural-processed profile overlaid on a deep, spicy/savory profile with something else as well, an edge we might associate with fermented foods like yogurt or pickles. Clearly for coffee adventurers. 
A high-toned, cleanly fruit-forward Costa Rica cup with deeply rich savory underpinnings.
A beautifully balanced, classically sweet-savory Kenya cup with great depth and sweet, musky resonance.
A deeply sweet washed-process Ethiopia cup, spice-toned with elegant suggestions of dried stone fruit.
A balanced, sweet-savory Kenya cup with classic currant notes and a rich bittersweet undercurrent suggesting hop flowers throughout.
A cleanly fruit-driven natural-processed Yirgacheffe cup, berry- and nut-toned with sweet florals throughout.
A deeply sweet Kenya with classic red berry notes, bittersweet florals, and minty herb notes.
A friendly, accessible Guatemala cup that leads with pleasing nut tones supported by spice-toned fruit. Gentle though expressive acidity.
A delicate, accessible, pretty Ethiopia cup with attractive citrus and chocolate notes.
An appealing blend of Costa Rica coffees that supports a local farmer’s collective: crisp, sweet and balanced.
A straightforward espresso blend, adeptly dark-roasted to highlight deep florals and rich chocolate.
A friendly, accessible Central America cup, crisply sweet with notes of stone fruit, cocoa and hazelnut.
A classic washed Yirgacheffe cup: bright and lively with juicy, vibrant acidity.
A deeply sweet Pacamara cup with savory undertones throughout, reminiscent of fine musk and marjoram-like sweet herbs.
An intense and gratifying Sumatran coffee, offering the qualities that make Sumatra an exciting origin for many coffee lovers (earth/tobacco, cocoa, sweetness, citrus) without the overly pungent earthy characteristics that often shadow this origin. For those who appreciate the type, this coffee is superb and rewarding.
An exceptionally high-toned natural-processed Panama Geisha coffee with especially vibrant acidity, balanced structure, and deep floral notes throughout the profile.
A crisp, sweet-toned, cocoa-laden Kenya cup elevated by citrusy floral notes.
A chocolaty and floral-toned Kenya cup with ballast from zesty citrus and rich aromatic wood.
An exceptionally purely expressed natural-processed Yirgacheffe cup, berry- and nut-driven, supported by spicy floral notes throughout.
An elegant, high-toned, washed-process Yirgacheffe cup saturated with floral and fruit notes throughout and a particularly engaging sweet-citrusy acidity.
A fruit- and floral-toned coffee from a lesser-known growing region on the Big Island of Hawai’i is worth seeking out for its balanced completeness and its suggestions of the tropics, both aromatically and in the cup.
A sweet, multi-layered Costa Rica cup, its rich fruit amplified by skillful red honey processing.
A classically bright, floral-toned washed Ethiopia cup with added vivacity from stone fruit and citrus notes.
A balanced Colombia cup with notes of stonefruit and citrus on top and deep cocoa and rich aromatic wood underneath.
A Rwanda cup pleasingly balanced between sweet fruit and chocolate and rich aromatic wood.
Enjoy this straightforward Central America cup for its mild acidity and its sweet nut and deep floral notes.
An attractive choice for lovers of darker-roasted blends: sweet chocolate and flowers alongside dried fruit notes, with prominent smoky wood throughout.
A roast-forward blend that emphasizes chocolate and floral notes while developing the savory inclination of the green coffees as well: rich, musky, sweet. Might be particularly nice — apologies to purists — with a splash of milk.
A complex, layered coffee with both classic Kenya (red currant) and Ethiopia (berry, cocoa) leanings.
An integrated, harmonious blend of washed- and natural-process coffees that highlights both sweet (blueberry) and tart (tamarind) fruits with big chocolate throughout.
A sweetly nutty and cocoa-toned cup with an especially buoyant mouthfeel.
An engaging, delicately spice-inflected blend pleasingly complicated by chocolate and citrus zest.
A subtle, nuanced cup rich with notes of spicy florals and baking spices with an appealing berry throughline.
This coffee’s name is loosely drawn from the name of the winter solstice celebration for Mithraism, "Natalis Solis Invincti," which means “birthday of the unconquerable sun.” Drink it if for no other reason than this.
A friendly, balanced blend, equally sweet and tart, animated by a delicate cocoa.
An interesting blend skillfully dark-roasted, save for the bitter, burned finish. Otherwise, quietly intriguing, sweet and smoky.
A richly sweet, delicately tart natural-process Yirgacheffe cup, deftly roasted toward the darker end of medium to develop chocolate notes without dampening the bright fruit and sweet flowers.
An elegant, richly-layered single-farm Ethiopia cup. Natural processing develops sweet berry notes throughout.
An intriguing cup from the little-known coffee-producing region Madagascar: sweet, tart, balanced and inviting.
A richly sweet and fruit-forward Costa Rica cup with a developed roast profile that highlights chocolate and floral tones.
A lively, engaging, cleanly fruit-toned natural-processed Yirgacheffe cup deepened by low-toned florals akin to fine musk.
A complex, resonant washed Ethiopia cup, fruit- and flora-laden, with an especially inviting bright, juicy acidity.
An engaging, complex yet accessible washed Ethiopia cup characterized by crisp fruit and deep floral tones.
A high-toned, richly floral natural-processed Geisha cup from the famed Hacienda La Esmeralda farm in Boquete, Panama animated by crisp, citrusy fruit notes throughout.
A deeply nuanced coffee with bittersweet citrus and sweet florals in front and ballast from rich chocolate and nougat.
Gently smoky aromatic wood frames this deeply chocolaty single-origin espresso with pretty floral and fruit notes, particularly attractive in three parts milk.
A big, chocolaty Kenya cup with deep floral notes throughout and a particularly engaging, syrupy-smooth body.
A rich-toned Colombia cup characterized by tart red fruit and citrus notes supported by deep florals and a crisp sweetness akin to maple syrup.
An accessible Guatemala Geisha with floral top notes and stone fruit and cocoa tones in the cup.
A friendly, accessible medium-roasted Kenya cup with sweet fruit and floral notes throughout.
An aromatic-wood-framed, honey-processed Pacamara from El Salvador with depth from cocoa and spice tones.
A washed Sidamo cup with a developed roast profile that  amplifies chocolate and floral notes; deeply and richly sweet throughout.
A deftly medium-roasted Colombia cup, balanced and satisfying in its familiar pleasures.
A straightforward, accessible Kenya cup with big chocolate notes as a throughline.
A darker-roasted Guatemala coffee that highlights pleasing cocoa and dried fruit notes.
A pleasing, balanced Honduras cup with pretty nut tones throughout.
An easy-drinking natural-processed Ethiopia cup with ballast from spice-toned aromatic wood and florals.
A medium-roasted Ethiopia cup with pleasing cocoa and citrus notes throughout; wood-centered in the finish.
A good-value darker roasted Guatemala driven by quiet chocolate and nut notes.
A comfortingly familiar, darker roasted Colombia cup built around dark chocolate with undertones of vanilla-like florals.
A roast-prominent, cocoa-toned Colombia cup with an intriguing sweet-tart note.
A sweet though muted Guatemala cup: roasty cocoa and nut.
A good choice for those who like classic dark-roasted Sumatras: earthy-sweet, smoky chocolate.
An aromatically complex, original cup that balances an enveloping sweetness with a quietly forceful pungency.
An elegant, subtle coffee with leading notes of stonefruit and cocoa nib and especially lively acidity.
A roast-prominent, chocolaty, sweetly nutty espresso blend with deep, subtle smoke tones throughout.
A balanced, straightforward natural-process Ethiopia cup: sweetly tart, chocolaty, with a hint of spicy florals throughout.
An accessible, sweet-toned blend with gentle fruit and floral notes and nut and aromatic wood undertones.
A striking cup from this rare variety: sweet, tart, rich, deep, and floral through and through.
A resonantly fruit-forward, cocoa-toned natural-processed Pacamara cup, with high-toned florals and richly bittersweet citrus notes throughout.
A confident single-origin espresso, savory-leaning, with rich florality and dark chocolate notes resonating throughout the cup and in three parts milk.
 An impeccably balanced, nuanced Tanzania cup that is an extraordinary value at $12 for 12 ounces.
A classic washed Yirgacheffe cup: bright, lively, redolent of stone fruit, citrus zest and cocoa.
An inviting, rich-toned natural-processed Ethiopia cup with clear blueberry and chocolate notes and gentle acidity.
A robust, hearty Kenya, driven by sweet-pungent grapefruit and cedar, softened by dark chocolate suggestions.
Sweet flowers and intense sandalwood power this silky-bodied, fragrant Yirgacheffe.
A quietly balanced espresso: crisp, sweet, driven by dry chocolate and bittersweet orange.
A quietly original, resonant cup, exquisitely balanced and complete.
A deeply rich, big-bodied Kenya cup foregrounding spice notes, berries and bittersweet florals.
A solid Kenya cup: chocolaty, spice-toned, deeply sweet.
A pleasingly balanced natural-process Ethiopia roasted for espresso, with tropical flowers and citrus zest as primary notes, supported by a molasses-like sweetness.
An accessible Geisha cup characterized by tropical fruit and cocoa notes throughout with intimations of honey-like florals.
A big-bodied Colombia driven by crisp chocolate and nut intrigue rounded by cherryish fruit.
A richly expressed, crisply bittersweet microlot from a tiny, woman-owned and operated farm in Peru.
A fruit- and chocolate- bomb of a coffee, dessert-like with its rich-toned, candy-like sweetness.
A classic Kenya espresso: juicy, deep, driven by florals, fruit and chocolate. Invitingly intense in cappuccino-scaled milk.
A nuanced, multi-layered red honey coffee from Costa Rica, deftly roasted for espresso bringing the floral and fruit notes forward.
A classic Ethiopia profile: cocoa- and citrus-toned. Given the distinction of the coffee, an outstanding value.
A friendly, straightforward washed Ethiopia cup with both organic and fair trade credentials.
A classic Kenya cup: bright and juicy with leading notes of dark berry and sweet florals; especially high-toned, lively acidity.
A balanced, sweetly savory DR Congo cup with dried fruit and chocolate notes throughout.
A sweetly rich Congo espresso that leads with pretty floral notes, both in the straight shot and in milk.
A pretty, richly sweet Kona cup that leads with deep floral and nut tones.
A balanced washed process Costa Rica cup, lively, accessible, engaging.
A richly dessert-like straight shot, animated by suggestions of maraschino cherry and chocolate. Turns pleasingly crisp and lively in cappuccino-scaled milk.
A decidedly fruit-centered coffee with pleasing sweet ferment and rich chocolate notes throughout.
A sturdy, bittersweet cup, roundly raisiny and nut-toned.
An unusual and compelling coffee: brisk but very sweet, with peach and deep, musky florals. 
A balanced, bright, juicy espresso. Chocolate and dried stone fruit are the throughlines, both particularly amplified in three parts milk. 
A pleasingly balanced cup, quiet, accessible and subtly original. 
A fresh, sweet-toned cup: morning in a meadow.
A lyrical washed-process Ethiopia cup: intricately balanced, complex, juicy, confident.
A solid Kona cup that leads with nut tones and bright, yet accessible, acidity.
A roast-toned, sweetly chocolaty Peru cup with dried fruit and floral notes throughout.
A richly sweet, almost dessert-like Honduras coffee, fermented experimentally with orange peel.
An engagingly cocoa-toned Mexico cup with solid sustainable credentials.
A rare indigenous Ethiopia variety and a long, oxygen-suppressed fermentation results in an extraordinary cup: soaring, exotic, unique. 
A complex, floral-toned cup with a stone fruit throughline and nut brittle undertones.
A superb choice for those who like fruit-driven coffees without fermenty alcohol notes — berry tones are front and center.
A richly bracing cup with citrus and floral aromatics reminiscent of Earl Grey tea, but powerfully expressed in coffee terms.
A fine Rwanda cup with deep sweetness animated by delicate fruit, floral and cocoa notes.
An engaging washed-process Ethiopia cup with a particularly vibrant mouthfeel and satisfying, balanced structure.
An accessible and engagingly classic washed-process Ethiopia: crisp, balanced and very sweet.
A richly sweet, earth-toned Congo coffee with sales benefitting a women-owned cooperative.
A rare organic-certified Kenya with a classic Kenya profile: sweet and savory in harmony with balanced acidity.
Enjoying this Costa Rica evokes the pleasures of walking into a bakery in winter alive with aromas of warming spices and rich cocoa.
A bombshell of a coffee with enough personality to stand up to a lemon tart — for breakfast, of course.
A developed medium roast emphasizes this Kenya’s depth and amplifies its rich dried fruit and cocoa notes. 
An exceptional Colombia cup with sweet and tart impulses in balance: deeply sweet florals and bright fruit notes throughout.
The sweet, fruit-on-the-edge of decay character central to this curious aged espresso may please those espresso drinkers who value surprise, while probably offending coffee purists. If you’re not sure which camp you’re in, you might try it--the price is right. 
A deep yet delicate cup redolent with crisp fruit and spice-toned floral notes.
An exceptionally cleanly expressed natural-processed Burundi cup, citrus- and chocolate-toned.
A complex, nuanced Ka’u coffee processed with a strain of wine yeast, encouraging a particularly vibrant, fruit-toned acidity.
A rich, deeply sweet Burundi cup that evokes gingerbread or similar spice-toned pastries.
A sweet, floral Rwanda cup with pleasing, complex notes of dried stone fruit and cocoa. 
A washed-process Colombia driven by notes of tropical fruit, with an especially exhilarating acidity.
A bright, exciting Colombia Geisha with concentrated stone fruit and both sweet and savory floral notes in aroma and throughout the profile.
A pleasing Colombia blend that the roaster says is “as dark as we will go” — in this case a discreetly achieved dark end of medium.
A fruit bomb kept in check by a savory throughline: deep sweetness juxtaposed with umami gravitas.
A fruit-forward natural-process Ethiopia cup with lush sweet ferment throughout.
A friendly, accessible “breakfast blend”: cocoa-driven, enlivened by crisp berry notes.
A lush, juicy expression of the classic Yemen profile: cleanly fruit-toned, a bit spicy, richly sweet, strikingly and subtly nuanced.
An unusual and evocative cup, paradoxically sweet and savory, with layered complexity.
Designed as a single-origin espresso but cupped here for brewed applications, this natural-processed Brazil coffee offers a gentle, sweetly nut-toned cup.
Cocoa nib and warm spice notes characterize this enveloping, richly sweet Rwanda cup produced by a women’s cooperative.
A compelling, deep-toned DR Congo cup with resonantly spicy floral notes throughout. 
A berry- and cocoa-toned cup with especially lively acidity. A dried-in-the-fruit or natural-processed coffee without a whisper of ferment, all sweet fruit and rich aromatic wood notes.
An engaging, balanced Rwanda cup: deeply sweet with rich, buttery nut tones throughout.
A fruit-bomb of a natural-process Yirgacheffe, with unmistakable blueberry notes throughout.
A classic Ka’u cup: balanced, both bright and deep, richly nut-toned.
A pleasing introduction to the Geisha variety in an affordable Colombian rendition: classically sweet, richly aromatic.
A roundly refreshing blend designed for homemade cold-brew: caramelly, floral and citrusy.
A bright, richly aromatic Colombia cup from a rare tree variety worth seeking out: intricately balanced, exceptionally high-toned, both rich and delicate.
Innovative processing helps develop a complex, multi-layered version of the traditional Hawai’i Typica cup: rich, resonant, deeply sweet with savory undertones.
A solid coffee from Nepal, worth seeking out for its unusual origin and its sweetness and balance.
A pretty, laid-back Kona Typica cup: floral and fruit-driven, balanced, complete.
A throughline of gently smoky aromatic wood anchors perfumy florals and rich dark chocolate.
A paradoxically richly savory yet singingly sweet interpretation of the classic Mocha Java blend — complex, nuanced, multi-layered.
An exceptional washed-process Sidama cup evoking a garden in spring, vivid with complex sweet-spicy florals. Plus, it’s certified organic.
Juicy, flamboyantly layered honey-processed Ethiopia coffee with notes of tart stone fruit, rich aromatic wood and undertones of fresh-cut spearmint.
An achingly complete Kenya cup that evokes all the pleasures this origin can offer: both deep and high-toned, invitingly sweet and provocatively savory.
We taste this coffee year-in and year-out, and it never fails to satisfy. This may be Kona’s version of a reliable non-vintage Champagne: consistently delicious.
A dessert-like natural-processed Panama Geisha cup, all fruit and flowers and chocolate, heady in its aromatic and flavor intensity. 
A classic Sumatra: sweetly pungent fruit, fresh earth and dry, chocolaty
Intensely sweet, boldly fermenty, soothingly seductive with its winy aromas and flavors.
An impressive rendition of the rare variety Sidra, recently genetically confirmed as a hybrid of Ethiopian indigenous landrace varieties. It offers here an intoxicating range of sweet, floral, citrus, and spice tones.
A sweetly dry medium-roasted washed Ethiopia cup with a juicy, peach-toned heart.
A pretty natural-processed Ethiopia Gesha produced at the highly regarded Gesha Village estate, with deep floral and fruit tones in harmonious balance.
A complexly structured DR Congo cup with high-pitched acidity at one end and deep-dive tobacco notes at the other, nuanced by a throughline of vanilla-like florals.
A classic Colombia cup: big-bodied, roundly bright, straight-ahead.
A balanced, lively Colombia cup from a cooperative of 900 smallholding farmers in Nariño, Colombia: richly sweet, chocolaty, and nut-toned.
An intentionally fermenty, fruit-centered Ethiopia cup processed by an experimental method involving oxygen deprivation during the fermentation process: sweet, chocolaty, pleasantly funky.
A bold, deep Kenya cup driven by classic black currant notes and rounded by dark chocolate suggestions.
A beautiful expression of the sweet-savory genius of the rare Maragogipe variety: rich, deep, and confident, with notes of wild honey and sweet stone fruit.
A higher-altitude Ka’u-grown coffee animated by spicy floral and sweet nut tones.
A rare, small-production Hawaii-grown Maragogype worth going out of your way for: complex, multi-layered, rich and deep.
A particularly fruit-driven cup for a washed-process Ethiopia: lively, juicy, resoundingly bright.
Paradoxically sweet and savory, but harmoniously integrated, this vibrant Sumatra cup touches all the right notes: floral- and earth-toned in balance, supported by gentle stone fruit and almond.
A richly sweet Guatemala cup with a throughline of vanilla-like florals and deep, dark chocolate.
A balanced, friendly blend, deftly roasted to bring out chocolate notes, enlivened by a crisp, gentle citrus.
A chocolaty and floral-toned Kona Typica peaberry cup, richly layered, softly intriguing.
A single-origin coffee from Bali with a darker roast profile, a good choice for those who prefer coffees with lower perceived acidity.
A gorgeous rendition of the classic Kenya cup: juicy, sweetly bright, lushly floral- and fruit-toned.
A complex, nuanced blend with layered depth: richly sweet, floral-toned. 
A thoroughly floral Colombia Geisha cup with high-toned notes of jasmine and deep, darker florals akin to tea rose — all enveloped in baking chocolate.
An exceedingly rare coffee in all respects: A genuinely fine coffee produced from trees of the overlooked and poorly regarded Liberica species, processed by the still unusual carbonic maceration method. The result is a cup that is wildly original and engagingly complex.
A pretty washed Ethiopia cup with a distinct floral throughline: think candied violet with undertones of cocoa nib.
A nuanced, layered Kona cup characterized by stone fruit and sweet floral tones with a savory, cardamom-like depth.
A deftly medium roasted Kona Typica with pleasing chocolate notes and undercurrents of sweet, spearmint-like herbs and spice-toned florals.
A balanced, complex, floral-toned cup, particularly pleasing in its nectar-like mouthfeel.
A deeply fruit-toned washed Ethiopia cup, brought far enough along in the roast to develop big chocolate notes.
A washed-process Sumatra with engaging high-toned fruit and complex spice tones not typical of the usual wet-hulled coffees produced in this region. Drink it for its originality and its intrigue.
A deft blend of coffees, both washed and natural-processed, that nets a sweet, rich, chocolate- and fruit-toned cup. 
A balanced, chocolaty Colombia cup with especially engaging, high-toned acidity.
A cleanly fruit-forward honey-processed Peru cup, with the fruit nicely balanced by crisp chocolate and sweet herb notes.
Chocolaty, fruit-toned and sweetly herbaceous as a straight shot; richly fudgy and nutty in three parts milk.
A medium-roasted blend that highlights the chocolate and floral notes of coffees from El Salvador and Peru.
A straight-ahead espresso with stone-fruit top notes, floral undertones, and dark chocolate through and through.
A confident darker roast edging into sweet smokiness, animated by big chocolate notes. Adding a splash of whole milk, or even cream, wouldn’t be a disservice to this strong-charactered dark roast.
A superb example of the classic Kona cup: exceptionally sweet, deeply nut-toned, and vivified by spice-toned floral and fruit notes.
A cleanly fruit-toned natural-process Ethiopia cup animated by bright berry and deeply sweet floral tones.
A bright, lively Colombia cup with tart fruit, sweet floral, and deep toffee notes throughout — elegantly structured.
A pretty washed (not wet-hulled) Sumatra, rich and nuanced, with tropical fruit and cocoa notes throughout, all amplified by deep honeysuckle-like florals.
A classic Sumatra cup: vibrantly earthy, richly sweet and balanced — harmonizing high-toned stone fruit and floral notes with deep chocolate and sweet earth.
A straight-ahead, friendly Guatemala cup, certified organic.
A gently berry-toned, natural-processed cup from the growing region of Alishan in Taiwan, a region mainly famous for its tea.
A washed-process single-origin Ethiopia espresso that sings both in the straight shot and in milk. Flat out poetic in its intricate harmony, and only $18.75 for 12 ounces.
A resolutely bright, juicy, deep Colombia cup, transparent in its coherence and thoroughly appealing in its power.
A balanced, complete cup with an especially attractive, viscous and lively mouthfeel.
A nuanced, subtle washed Panama Geisha in Nespresso-compatible format: floral, delicate, complexly layered. 
The dried-in-the-fruit, natural processing makes this coffee atypical for Honduras. Here it encourages a range of dried fruit flavors. Sales of this coffee help support a local girls’ orphanage at origin.
An unusual blend of natural- and anaerobic-processed coffees roasted to medium-dark to develop caramel and floral tones.
A grown-up cold brew with cleanly wine-like suggestions. Would be a nice pairing with grilled lamb chops.
Sweet, juicy, citrusy, bright: Pair it with a slice of lemon meringue pie.
Tasted blind, this reads like a natural-processed coffee, but it is fully washed with an unusual, and very appealing sweet ferment, suggesting cherry liqueur. Delicious with a side of high-quality dark chocolate.
A decadent, dessert-like Costa Rica cup processed by the black honey method, offering especially lively acidity and full, viscous mouthfeel.
A darker-roasted espresso blend that highlights cocoa, nut, and aromatic wood notes, with a hint of sweet smokiness underneath.
An exciting cup from a rare varietal that, in this incarnation, is richly cocoa-toned and spice-laden, complex and multi-layered.
A high-toned washed Sidama cup complexly layered with notes of sweet fruit, tart herb, deep cocoa and flowers.
A natural-processed Kona coffee with an interesting fruit-toned profile and a pleasing throughline of lactic-style acidity (think fresh yogurt); quite compelling as a pourover.
A lovely introduction to the pleasures of Yemen: fruit-toned yet balanced, floral yet restrained, and mysterious with its throughline of deep aromatic wood that is more perfumy than earthy.
An inviting representation of an all-natural-processed blend: cleanly fruity with elegant undertones of cocoa and aromatic bergamot.
A clean, confident natural-processed coffee from China’s Yunnan Province, an excellent representation of this expanding coffee-growing region’s potential for quality.
A sweet, resonant espresso blend, especially chocolaty in cappuccino-scaled milk.
A deftly roasted espresso blend that highlights roasted nut, deep caramel and sweet floral notes. Especially engaging in three parts milk.
An exceptional single-origin Kenya espresso, balanced and bright in the straight shot and decadently rich and floral in milk.
A juicy Kenya cup with deep red berry notes, rich chocolate throughout, and deep, spice-toned florals.
A pretty washed Colombia cup with notes of stone fruit and cocoa nib as deep, satisfying throughlines; particularly vibrant acidity.
An especially juicy, high-toned DR Congo cup with notes of citrus zest and bright stone fruit grounded by earthy-perfumy amber-like suggestions.
A balanced, engaging, classic Colombia cup: bright, chocolaty, deeply sweet, richly vibrant.
A multi-layered, nuanced Colombia cup that hits all the right notes: deep florals, high-toned fruits, sweet herbs, rich cocoa.
An elegant, lyrical natural-process El Salvador Geisha cup, sweetly fruit- and floral-toned; a coffee that steps lightly but with poise and balance.
A deeply sweet, balanced Colombia cup characterized by rich floral and spice tones throughout, with an especially lively acidity.
A lyrical, delicately balanced, floral-driven natural-processed Ethiopia cup, complete and exhilarating.
A rare and exceptional Taiwan-grown Geisha centered around notes of dried berry, deep chocolate and an enticing frankincense.
A collaborative coffee by two Virginia roasters whose proceeds benefit the anti-racism work of Dream Corps: bright, sweet, tart, chocolaty and floral — delicious and worthy.
An elegantly delicate natural-processed Rwanda cup with clean berry notes throughout supported by deep, dark chocolate.
A pleasing washed-process Ethiopia cup with especially engaging acidity and pretty spice-toned floral notes throughout.
A complex El Salvador Pacamara cup with cocoa-toned stone fruit and bittersweet florals throughout.
A lovely Geisha grown in Costa Rica deftly roasted to highlight  bright fruit and sweet floral tones.
A paradoxically deep (chocolaty) and bright (stone fruit-toned) Guatemala cup that achieves a complex yet harmonious balance. Richly floral as well.
A floral-driven washed-process Ethiopia cup: bright, nimble, juicy, and flavor-saturated.
A fine decaf cup that displays much of the sweetness and florality associated with its admired origin, the Guji Zone of southern Ethiopia.
An experimentally processed coffee that is as lively as its name implies, both in terms of its high-toned fruit profile and its Champagne-like (sparkling, phosphoric) acidity.
Interesting for several reasons: variety (Kenya’s famous SL28), origin (Nicaragua) and processing method (dried-in-the-fruit or natural) — a trifecta of compelling reasons to experience this innovative coffee.
A complex, original washed-process Colombia Geisha that hits all of the celebrated Geisha notes: stonefruit, sweet flowers, gentle spice notes, crisp cocoa.
An exceptionally sweet espresso blend with pretty chocolate and hazelnut notes throughout. Especially rich in three parts milk.
A delicate, intriguing, richly sweet cup from the famous Galapagos Islands.
While basically sweet, this coffee’s main impulses are a unique and intriguing citrus-zest-like bittersweetness with savory floral underpinnings. 
Deep, rich, chocolaty: an espresso blend with top notes of stone fruit and bottom notes of dark chocolate and cedar.
A cleanly fruit-toned natural-processed Ethiopia cup with prominent berry and chocolate notes throughout and a particularly full mouthfeel.
Delicately fruit-forward, intricately balanced, berry and cocoa-driven with bright, juicy acidity.
A quietly engaging washed Ethiopia cup with juicy acidity and sweet spice tones as a compelling throughline.
A fine version of the classic Kenya cup: deep-toned, richly bittersweet, cocoa- and currant-driven.
A washed Colombia cup redolent of high-quality chocolate, supported by delicate, sweet wisteria-like flowers.
A vivacious, bright, fruit-toned natural-processed Ethiopia cup.
A friendly, accessible washed Ethiopia with sweet herbal notes supporting the caramel-toned center.
A fruit-centered, natural-processed Guji cup with the slightest, very pleasant, hint of sweet ferment, evocative of an oak barrel that’s held a fine wine.
A vibrant, richly sweet Ethiopia driven by deep floral and chocolate notes throughout.
A gently fruit-toned cup supported by spice-toned florals and rich dark chocolate suggestions.
A friendly, accessible Ethiopia cup with pleasing cocoa notes throughout, complicated by stone fruit and aromatic wood.
An umami undercurrent (think candycap mushroom) deepens this already rich, stone fruit- and cocoa-driven cup.
A balanced, vibrantly layered Ka’u cup with cocoa nib and honeysuckle-like flowers as throughlines.
A darker-roasted blend for those who prefer gentle acidity and a chocolate-toned cup.
So headily perfumed that this Ethiopia Wush Wush reads like dessert, redolent with more fruit tones than we can name, enveloped by a rich milk chocolate.
A robust, complex, multilayered Burundi cup with lavish tropical fruit notes, deep dark chocolate, and bittersweet citrus zest impulses. Particularly juicy acidity.
A nuanced, voluptuous Colombia cup with distinct notes of stone fruit, dark chocolate, and complex peppercorn tones: balanced, bright, juicy, deep.
A delightful fruit bomb of a coffee with an intriguing lactic acid note, perhaps due to processing: deeply sweet, richly aromatic, and compellingly original.
A big, confident Maracaturra cup from Nicaragua with nuanced savory notes underpinning richly sweet fruit and herb leanings.
Subtle aromatics build in intensity toward a juicy, elegant cup with an especially attractive berry-toned finish.
A friendly natural-processed Ethiopia cup with a fruit-centered character balanced by deep, creamy nut tones and lively lime zest.
A classic Typica profile — nuanced, balanced and quietly complex — with notes of stone fruit, chocolate and an intriguing whisper of pipe tobacco.
A sweet, high-toned Kenya cup driven by notes of stone fruit and cocoa nib, anchored by a black tea-like suggestion.
A deftly darker-roasted Tanzania cup, profiled to bring out the inherent dark chocolate potential of the green coffee, but without introducing woody or roasty notes.
A friendly, inviting Kenya cup: chocolaty and berry-driven with especially vibrant acidity.
A gentle, sweetly nut-toned coffee from the underrepresented origin of Haiti. Quietly lovely.
A nuanced, multi-layered Sumatra blend that plays sweet-savory and spice-toned off richly earthy: a friendly, accessible, classic Sumatra cup.
An accessible honey-processed Colombia Geisha with notes of chocolate and baking spices as pleasing throughline.
A rich, juicy, exhilarating Colombia cup: sweetly tart with herb-toned floral and resonant cocoa notes.
A big, juicy, classic Kenya cup with distinct black currant notes characteristic of the origin, deep tones of dark chocolate throughout, and two differing floral tones, one savory (hop flowers) and one sweet (jasmine).
A juicy espresso blend that combines two fine Ethiopia coffees, a natural-processed and a wet-processed. Saturated with fruit, floral and chocolate notes, both in the straight shot and in milk.
A nuanced, juicy, high-toned Kenya cup expressing admired and classic descriptors associated with the origin, including hallmark black currant and spice-toned, jasmine-like flowers.
A particularly fruit-centered washed-process Ethiopia cup, tropical leaning in its aromatics with a mysterious and pretty note of sandalwood running throughout.
A fruit and flower extravaganza; this clean natural-processed cup offers an abundance of berry, sweet floral, and dark chocolate notes, all in balance and lucidly expressed.
A welcoming, balanced, richly sweet Peru with a lilting throughline of milk chocolate; particularly satisfying mouthfeel and gentle acidity.
A delicate, confident, multi-layered Ethiopia cup that delivers stone fruit, deep florals, and juicy-bright acidity. 
An easygoing, comfortable Rwanda cup characterized by nut-toned cocoa and crisp pear notes.
A darker-roasted Guatemala cup that foregrounds notes of lightly scorched aromatic wood and sweet cocoa powder.
A friendly, balanced cup that leads with chocolate and nut tones, crisply sweet with floral undertones.
A classic Sumatra cup, with deep sweetness and rich earth in balance, darker-roasted to bring out the chocolate notes.
A pleasing Chiapas cup, floral-driven with ballast from suggestions of cocoa and aromatic wood.
An exquisitely balanced washed-process Ethiopia cup with leading notes of delicate but deep florals, ripe stone fruit and a richly sweet herb tones.
A cleanly fruit-forward natural-process Ethiopia cup with a particularly full yet lively mouthfeel.
A straight-ahead natural-process Yirgacheffe with classic blueberry top notes and pleasing chocolate undertones.
A balanced yet supremely intricate Kenya cup that hits all the notes: tropical fruit, deep chocolate, both savory and sweet florals, and a distinct wild honey.
An elegant, floral-driven washed-process Ethiopia cup that presents in the cup with quiet confidence.
A very balanced, clean natural-processed Ethiopia with a sweetly herb- and stone fruit-driven palate; exceptionally pretty, plush mouthfeel.
An elegantly fruit-toned Guatemala cup with intimations of candied violets and almond brittle-like depth.
Brightly fruit-forward: distinct berry notes, rich-toned citrus zest and aromatic wood.
A pretty Honduras cup with deeply sweet nut tones, delicate florals and citrusy herb notes.
A balanced cup redolent of Nutella (chocolate and hazelnut spread) with particularly lively mouthfeel.
A zesty-sweet floral, chocolaty and citrusy Costa Rica cup.
Impressively balanced for all its citrusy leanings, this lovely natural-processed Ethiopia cup has layers of nuance — flowers, fruit, cocoa, in particular. 
An unusual and intriguing savory-leaning espresso blend with notes of dried fruit, citrus zest, delicate florals and underlying sweet herb tones.
An elegant wine-yeast-fermented natural-processed Kona cup with heady aromatics and lilting acidity.
An easygoing single-origin Guatemala espresso, rich-toned, chocolaty and floral, both in the straight shot and in milk.
A sweetly nutty, cocoa-driven espresso blend with an especially creamy mouthfeel.
A washed-process Ethiopia cup with leading notes of stone fruit and spicy florals and an appealingly bright structure.
A berry-centered natural-process Costa Rica cup with delicate cocoa, floral and aromatic wood notes.
A fine example of a traditional Sumatra cup: viscous, juicy, aromatically driven by deep, earth-toned fruit and dry chocolate.
A balanced, engaging natural-processed Ethiopia cup characterized by cocoa-toned fruit and rich florals.
A deep, nuanced washed-process Costa Rica cup with an especially viscous yet lively mouthfeel.
A sweetly nut-toned, inviting PNG cup.
A deep, delicately fruit-toned cup with ringing notes of dark chocolate throughout and citrusy undercurrents.
A bright, juicy Kenya cup with citrusy acidity: sweet, tart, floral and caramelly all at once.
A delicate, confident honey-processed Colombia Gesha: balanced, bright, floral- and fruit-toned.
An alluring Kenya cup with classic red fruit and dark chocolate notes in harmony. Particularly plush mouthfeel.
An engaging, harmonious blend designed to evoke pleasant memories of fine traditional coffee experiences.
A deeply sweet Costa Rica coffee processed by an unusual variation on the honey method, promoting a pleasingly nuanced profile with a range of spice notes supported by subtly tart, yogurt-like hints.
A shockingly coherent, wildly various experience of coffee, a delightful roller coaster that hits all the sensory notes.
A uniquely composed coffee processed by a twist on the traditional honey method that results in a sweet, tart, high-toned, lyrical cup.
Fruit, flowers, and chocolate come together in harmonious balance in this impressively deep-toned natural-processed Ethiopia cup.
An inviting single-origin (and single-variety) espresso from Brazil characterized by pomegranate-like fruit and deep chocolate.
A complex and multilayered natural-processed Ethiopia cup: fruit-forward with floral, aromatic wood, citrus and cocoa intrigue.
This Sumatra cup has an especially vivacious mouthfeel, supporting notes of date-like fruit, sweet florals and nuts.
A crisply bright Costa Rica cup animated by pretty stone fruit and spicy floral notes.
A stone fruit- and floral-driven Nicaragua cup with an especially plush, vibrant mouthfeel.
A nuanced, multi-layered Pacamara from El Salvador with enticing notes of spice, fruit, and rich florals, all adding up to a vibrantly high-toned cup.
A particularly chocolaty Guatemala coffee with an intriguing savory undertone akin to cumin that anchors and balances the cup’s deep sweetness.
A roast leaning toward the dark end of medium encourages the chocolate and floral notes of this El Salvador produced by the celebrated Aida Batlle.
A crisply sweet, nuanced, quietly complete Guatemala cup.
A quietly intricate Chiapas cup with an especially vivacious, syrupy-smooth mouthfeel.
A sweetly and gently pungent, quietly rich, balanced Honduras cup.
A harmonious El Salvador Pacamara cup with equal parts high-toned sweetness and deep-toned savory notes.
A satisfyingly chocolaty El Salvador cup complicated by layers of floral and sweet herb notes. 
Deeply chocolaty Guatemala cup with distinct tamarind and aromatic orchid notes leaning toward the tropical.
Engaging and accessible, a Honduras cup characterized by warming spices and chocolate and almond notes throughout.
A lushly framed, fruit-driven, chocolaty espresso blend, reminiscent of eating chocolate-covered cherries.
An elegant, crisply sweet, floral-driven washed Yirgacheffe cup anchored by deep cocoa suggestions.
A washed-process Guji cup with leading notes of stone fruit and spicy florals and an engagingly juicy, citrus-leaning structure.
A delicate, spice-forward washed Yirgacheffe cup with deep, sweet-herbal aromatics.
A balanced, richly floral natural-processed Ethiopia cup redolent with sweet berry tones throughout the profile.
A creative blend of two exceptional green coffees that nets a multi-layered and engaging cup: spice-toned, deeply chocolaty, richly floral.
A Kona coffee worth its price: elegant and sophisticated, balanced and bright, juicy and smooth.
A CBD-infused Kona dark roast whose chocolate notes may be further amplified by a splash of milk or cream.
A subtly nostalgic, playful holiday coffee appropriate for welcoming autumn with notes of warming spices and cocoa.
A crisp, cleanly fruit-toned Taiwan cup presented by a New York roaster specializing in coffees from the island of Taiwan. A good resource for North Americans who want to sample the production end of the exuberant Taiwanese coffee scene.
A balanced, richly darker-roasted coffee from Thailand’s burgeoning Doi Pangkhon growing region — sweet, chocolaty, and enlivened by notes of citrus zest. 
A harmoniously composed washed Ethiopia coffee with stone fruit and spice-toned floral notes at its heart.
A beautifully structured, elegantly bright Colombia coffee with lush mouthfeel and deep aromatics.
A tale of two coffees: The straight shot is bracingly tart-leaning, while the milk shot is gentler and more nut-toned. Both display attractive aspects of this natural-processed single-origin espresso.
A sweetly subtle, nuanced Geisha cup processed by the honey method at Panama’s famed Elida Estate. 
A deep-toned Honduras cup with a throughline of cocoa, dried fruit, and crisp nut notes.
A friendly, accessible Nicaragua cup, classically balanced and appealing in its engaging sweetness.
A resonant, confident alternative-processed Ka’u cup with pretty notes of tropical fruit and cocoa nib and an especially vibrant, lively structure.
The mint and persimmon suggest autumn in a cup: a richly sweet natural-processed Ethiopia, cleanly fruit-centered, with deep chocolate and spearmint suggestions.
A fine Costa Rica coffee roasted for espresso: tart and high-toned in the straight shot, chocolaty and citrusy in milk.
A clean, gorgeous natural-processed Costa Rica cup: bright, juicy, fruit-toned, without a hint of ferment.
A complex, compelling washed Sidama cup with spicy floral notes and bittersweet citrus tones.
First-place prize winner in Antioquia, Colombia’s Best Cup competition and imported by Coffee For Peace, an organization dedicated to ending drug trafficking in Colombia.
A pretty, delicate but confident Sidama cup, with a clean, washed-process profile particularly animated by spice tones.
A friendly, chocolate-toned Oaxaca cup with a sweet almond throughline.
Described by the roaster as “funky,” and in the best sense: fruit-toned, chocolaty and floral, all with a sweet-savory twist.
A heady Colombia cup from the admired Ethiopian Wush Wush variety, processed by the natural method to bring out sweet but distinctive alcohol-ferment notes.
Richly spice-toned floral- and fruit-driven, roasted to a dark medium to enhance the chocolate notes inherent in the green.
A classic Kenya cup in its spot-on balance of sweet (stone fruit) and savory-umami (ripe tomato) throughlines.
Classic Kenya cup profile with concentrated notes of black currant and cocoa throughout, complicated by sweet-toned herb and floral notes.
A balanced but exciting Kenya cup: rich, floral-toned, sweetly herb-toned and resounding.
A classic Kenya cup saturated with distinct black currant notes, supported by spice-toned florals and chocolate-nut undertones.
A vibrant floral- and cocoa-toned Kenya cup, juicy and sweet, with a particularly appealing mouthfeel.
Classic Kenya presentation of sweet and savory in harmony: dark berry and umami elements frame the cup.
This Kenya cup leads with notes of sweet florals and red berries supported by an undercurrent of petrichor, the pleasing first aroma of rain on dry earth.
A deep, perfumy cup characterized by sweet berry and herb notes with a refreshing rain-on-earth note.
A pretty, confident, tropical-leaning Kenya cup with coconut notes throughout pleasantly complicated by spicy florals and dark chocolate.
Alive with intrigue in aroma and flavor: dark berry and deep chocolate notes with undertones of perfumy aromatic wood.
A rich-toned, resonant, complex Guatemala cup, sweetly fruit- and floral-toned.
A complex, rich-toned Guatemala cup with pretty floral and stone fruit notes supported by sweet, pistachio-like nut tones.
A friendly, accessible cocoa-framed Guatemala cup with suggestions of citrus and spicy florals throughout.
A sweet, tart, pleasantly wood-framed Guatemala cup with notes of stone fruit and delicate florals.
Balanced, crisp, perky: a friendly, sweet Guatemala cup.
An accessible, sweetly nutty and cocoa-driven Guatemala cup.
A classic dark roast Guatemala cup with barely perceptible acidity and nice chocolate and nut tones; ideal with a splash of milk.
A uniquely structured naturally processed coffee that delivers sweet-tart, fruit-centered richness, juicy-bright acidity, vibrantly viscous mouthfeel. An intricately layered roller coaster of sensory pleasures.
An inviting, enigmatic Panama cup, experimentally processed, that rewards with umami richness as well as classic sweet-tart impulses.
A spice-driven coffee redolent of winter baking. A uniquely composed and compelling experimentally processed Costa Rica cup.
A clean, deeply sweet, very complexly expressed fruit-forward coffee.
A clean, delicate natural-processed Ethiopia cup, balanced and cocoa-toned with hints of spicy florals throughout.
A single-origin, natural processed coffee from Honduras, roasted for espresso to highlight spicy floral and deep nut and dried fruit tones.
A deep-toned, rich, chocolaty Kenya cup with a balanced structure and round acidity.
A dessert-like fruit bomb of a coffee with deep chocolate and enticing sandalwood notes throughout.
A fruit-forward Costa Rica cup with savory undertones contributing balance and depth.
A solid Pacamara cup with savory undertones characteristic of this variety, nicely developed in the roast to encourage chocolate notes.
A fruit and floral bomb of a coffee from Ethiopia stock processed experimentally, encouraging an intricate array of tropical-leaning sensory notes. 
An unusual, exciting anaerobic-processed coffee that is all fruit and honey, with especially high-toned acidity.
An unusual blend of the workhorse Castillo and celebrated Geisha varieties of Arabica produced this bright and juicy, cocoa-rich Colombia cup.
A classic southern Colombia cup carried by delicate cocoa and citrus notes and an especially attractive, quite syrupy, mouthfeel.
A complex but balanced, easygoing Kenya with classic red currant notes throughout and a plushly smooth mouthfeel.
A nuanced, spice-toned cup centered around floral and citrus notes with undertones of sweet garden herbs.
A cleanly berry-forward natural Ethiopia cup with sweet floral and deep caramel undertones, enticingly vibrant and rich.
A gently fruit-centered natural-process Ethiopia with deep chocolate and aromatic wood notes throughout.
All chocolate and flowers: A single-origin Kenya, roasted rather dark, carried by extraordinarily deep chocolate notes juxtaposed with seemingly infinite narcissus-like florals.
A friendly, balanced Kenya cup, caramelly and floral-toned.
An elegant, multilayered washed Panama Geisha in Nespresso-compatible format: floral-driven, delicately chocolaty, deep-toned. 
This Best of Panama winner also won us over with its layers of floral tones (lavender, violet, jasmine, freesia) delicately ensconced in cocoa and tropical fruit notes, all complicated by a lightly bracing bittersweet citrus.
A berry-driven Colombia cup with background notes of sweet herbs and a dark chocolate throughline.
A delicately sweet, floral- and fruit-toned Taiwan Geisha, available for the first time in the U.S. market from Paradise Roasters.
A delicately intense natural-processed Panama Geisha cup: exciting, unique, aromatically compelling.
Balanced, citrusy, deeply cocoa-toned, and engagingly tart leaning, with very juicy, bright acidity.
A juicy, rich-toned Kenya with bright citrus notes and dark chocolate throughout.
 This classic washed Ethiopia cup offers vibrant acidity and lively aromatics across a range of floral, fruit and cocoa notes.
A lush, deeply fruit-toned, sweetly fermenty natural Ethiopia cup.
A pleasantly wood-framed, intentionally fermenty and fruit-toned Ethiopia cup.
A classic washed Sidama cup, both delicate and rich, with pretty stone fruit notes and zesty acidity.
A fusion of fruit (blueberry) and savory (fine musk) drive the cup, punctuated by citrusy brightness.
A resonant, flavor-saturated Guatemala cup with especially bright, engaging acidity; exquisitely balanced.
A splendid Panama Pacamara, its complexity and unique sweet-tart-savory structure accentuated and further complicated by a tangy lactic lift from the unusual carbonic maceration processing. 
A complex, deep-toned Tanzania cup evoking baking spice and the aroma of moist, freshly-turned earth, supported by a particularly attractive, syrupy mouthfeel.
A floral-driven Kona SL34 cup, deftly roasted to medium-dark to bring out a sweet depth suggesting almond brittle.
An intricate, delicately perfumed cup from the rare Pointu Laurina variety of Arabica, compellingly complex and inviting.
A cleanly sweet natural-processed Costa Rica that pleases with a mélange of berry notes with rich undertones of chocolate and florals.
A friendly, accessible, cocoa-driven cup with deep nut tones framed by rich aromatic wood.
Elegantly juxtaposes intriguing savory depth suggesting earthy sweet mushrooms with sweet dry persimmon and zesty citrus notes.
A friendly, balanced Colombia cup with pleasing stone fruit and rich nut notes as throughlines.
A deep-toned Kenya cup that prioritizes depth over fireworks — solid cocoa, nut and sweet fruit notes predominate in this engaging and accessible coffee.
An elegant, light-footed, deeply floral washed Ethiopia cup.
A clean, juicy, bright natural Ethiopia cup with pretty tropical fruit notes balanced by deep nut and floral tones.
A lush, ethereal, complexly seductive experience of Panama Geisha, with intricate floral notes (plumeria, freesia, lilac, musk) interwoven with tropical fruit and cocoa.
A startlingly unusual yet inviting anaerobically processed Colombia Java, ideal for the coffee adventurer with its original aromatics conveyed in layers of sweetness, savory depth, and lactic tang.
A sweet-toned decaf suggesting chocolate-covered raisins complicated by gently smoky aromatic wood notes.
A complex, multi-layered natural-processed Ethiopia cup, cleanly fruit-forward and crisply chocolaty.
Concentrated, berry-driven natural Ethiopia with deep, enveloping chocolate notes. 
A big, floral Kenya cup with deep chocolate notes throughout and a particularly engaging, lively acidity.
A natural-processed Ethiopia cup unique and thrilling in its dried fruit and floral aromatics carried by a flawless structure: high-toned, elegant, complex, complete.
A celebratory coffee — invitingly chocolaty and rich with a whisper of Cognac underneath lush suggestions of tropical fruit.
An enigmatic blend of coffees, one or more of which were clearly processed using experimental methods, netting an entertaining and unique cup with aromas redolent of holiday associations.
A friendly, accessible blend designed to evoke the warmth and spirit of the holidays with dried fruit, roasted nut, and chocolate tones throughout.
A complex, multi-layered Geisha from Peru characterized by notes of stone fruit and rich florals, with support from nut and aromatic wood — bright, juicy, balanced.
A delicate natural-processed cup that leads with tart fruit and vanilla-like floral notes, elegant and subtly inviting.
An easygoing, cleanly fruit-forward natural-processed cup with big floral notes and delicate citrus and herb suggestions.
A solid DR Congo cup, balanced, engaging, pleasantly reminiscent of eating a candy apple.
A beautifully composed natural-processed Ethiopia cup centered around clean tropical fruit tones supported by rich chocolate and deep vanilla-like florals.
A classic, deftly balanced Kenya coffee — vibrant, harmoniously sweet-tart, deep-toned.
A lyrically composed, intricately balanced, multi-layered Red Bourbon from Kona that rewards drinkers at every level of engagement.
An elegant, silky, deeply aromatic Ethiopia coffee of the rare Wush Wush variety — would make a great gift for any lover of coffee esoterica.
A coffee fermented using a yeast strain aimed at developing lactic acid rather than fruit alcohol notes, producing a cup that is impressively complete yet unorthodox, ideal for the coffee adventurer or a palate looking for a recharge.
A berry-centered cup, dessert-like in its sweetness, suggesting strawberry shortcake or raspberry trifle.
A delicate red-honey processed coffee from the Dominican Republic — a percentage of sales is allocated by the farm to improve education in the farm’s region.
A sweet-toned, citrusy-herbaceous cup from a rare tree variety most of us haven’t ever heard of, much less tasted.
An enigmatic, uniquely structured Kona Typica cup, processed experimentally to amplify tangy fruit and spice-toned floral notes supported by a compelling savory depth.
A stately and balanced Kona Geisha cup, paradoxically both deep-toned and delicate, with a particularly lush mouthfeel.
A 100% Hawaiian blend of both washed and natural-processed coffees that evokes holiday baking with notes of cinnamon and nutmeg, along with dark chocolate, as throughlines.
An experimentally processed, cleanly sweet-tart Kona Typica with distinct raspberry and cocoa notes.
An unusual aroma and flavor profile, and a very successful one — dessert-like and savory-tart-leaning (think fresh-made yogurt) with nuanced complexity, concentration and balance.
A bright, balanced, deep-toned Ethiopia cup carried by lyrical stone fruit and rich floral notes.
A richly floral, deeply chocolaty Guatemala cup.
A subtly distinctive, rare coffee from Thailand, worth seeking out for its nuanced, layered lyricism.
A friendly espresso blend, chocolaty and nutty with deep sweetness throughout. Especially appealing in cappuccino-scaled milk.
A delicately perfumed, floral-toned Burundi with a throughline of resiny amber-like notes.
A solid Mexico cup with organic/fair trade credentials: crisp chocolate balanced by high-toned fruit.
A pleasing Honduras cup: citrus-forward with a throughline of warming spices (cinnamon, clove, nutmeg).
A cup paradoxically both delicate and deep, floral-driven with ballast from crisp chocolate notes.
A very balanced, cleanly composed, natural-processed Honduras cup with delicate and lively berry notes throughout.
A Kenya coffee experimentally manipulated in a lab to mimic the sensory impact of digestive processing by civet cats or luwaks. Sweet-savory, bright, rich-toned.
A classically bright, aromatic Ethiopia coffee experimentally manipulated in a lab to mimic the sensory impact of digestive processing by civet cats or luwaks.
A very pretty, elegant washed Ethiopia cup saturated with deeply sweet honeysuckle-like floral tones.
A pretty floral-toned single-origin espresso from Ethiopia with a developed enough roast profile to encourage deep fudge-like chocolate and resonant aromatic wood.
A very elegant, balanced, confident Taiwan-grown coffee roasted for espresso, exciting in its nuance and complexity.
A juicy anaerobically processed coffee with the complex, bright lift we’ve come to expect from a nice Ethiopia with added depth from a processing method involving limited-oxygen, whole-fruit ferment.
A classic Sumatra cup: earthy-rich, deeply chocolaty, with a floral-toned lift.
A Peru cup evocative of winter with notes of baking spices and deep chocolate suggestions. 
A rich, deep espresso blend with a dark chocolate throughline; floral notes sing in three parts milk.
A balanced, easygoing Colombia cup: chocolaty, nutty, and deeply sweet.
A friendly, accessible natural Ethiopia cup, cleanly fruit- and cocoa-toned.
A harmonious washed-process Gesha, grown in Guatemala and displaying pleasing notes of cocoa, stone fruit and cinnamon-like spices.
A delicate, lively natural-processed Guatemala Geisha cup, sweetly fruit- and floral-toned, with particularly vibrant acidity.
A satisfying, richly sweet Guatemala Geisha cup with spice-toned floral and stone fruit notes supported by sweet, pistachio-like nut.
An austere, brightly sweet Kenya cup with a spice throughline suggesting floral pink peppercorn.
A pretty, berry-driven, richly sweet-tart Pacamara processed by the natural method.
A nuanced, multilayered Peru Pacamara processed by the experimental anaerobic method: floral, savory and sweetly herb-toned.
A natural-processed Colombia cup with grapey and musky sweetness deepened by notes of dark chocolate and aromatic wood.
A savory-leaning experimentally processed Costa Rica animated by sweet herb and spice-toned floral notes.
A red-honey-processed, sweetly fruit-centered Costa Rica cup, lively and engaging.
A solid PNG cup, deeply sweet and balanced, with an especially attractive, vibrant acidity.
An elegant, juicy washed Ethiopia with interesting sweet-herb undertones; graceful acidity, bright but not bracing.
A perfumy, intentionally fermenty natural-processed Ethiopia with forward alcohol notes and deep florals, balanced by tart stone fruit notes.
A nicely balanced barrel-aged coffee from Kauai driven by chocolate, fruit and floral suggestions.
A classic washed Geisha from the celebrated Hacienda Esmeralda farm in Panama. A relative bargain for a coffee of this provenance and distinction.
A delicate, high-toned Ethiopia cup with sweet herb undertones, ethereal in its perfumy complexity.
An exceptionally clean, balanced natural-processed Ethiopia cup: integrated berry and citrus notes out front with cocoa undertones and a hint of sweet herb.
A juicy, cleanly fruit-toned natural-processed Ethiopia, high-toned and fruit-driven.
A rich, floral-driven Peru cup with stone fruit and citrus complication.
An experimentally processed coffee from the Big Island’s Ka’u region, tropical in its suggestions, dessert-like in its sweetness.
A multi-layered, floral-inclined natural-processed Ethiopia cup with an umami undercurrent: a trifecta of sweet, tart, savory impulses.
Like blueberries? If so, you’ll enjoy this cleanly natural-processed Yirgacheffe cup with dark chocolate undertones.
A deep, meditative Ka’u cup processed by the black honey method: rich, round, intensely aromatic.
A classic darker-roasted espresso blend, chocolate-laden and floral, with pretty blueberry and deep pipe tobacco notes.
A savory, pleasantly salty, chocolate-driven Taiwan cup, experimentally processed using anaerobic fermentation.
A medium-roasted single-origin Robusta espresso that particularly holds its own in milk: sweet, nut-driven, tart, gently floral.
A richly chocolaty Kenya cup with deep floral notes throughout and a particularly lively, syrupy-smooth mouthfeel.
An especially sweet specialty Robusta cup from coffee sourced by Miguel Meza during a research trip to Thailand in search of quality non-Arabica coffees.
A rich-toned, chocolate-driven blend with stone fruit and citrus undertones, bright and juicy.
An enticing washed-process Ethiopia cup with especially compelling acidity and pretty spice-toned floral notes throughout.
A berry- and chocolate-toned natural-processed Taiwan cup — clean, friendly, approachable.
Simultaneously deep and high-toned, saturated with notes of stone fruit, dark chocolate, sweet nuts, and rich aromatic wood — a persuasive presentation of the admired and still-rare Gesha variety.
A multi-layered, richly complex espresso blend with sweet-tart fruit and profound chocolate expressed against a backdrop of resiny aromatic wood suggestions.
A deep, sweetly savory, floral-toned natural-processed Ethiopia, complex and nuanced.
A balanced, classic Ethiopia wet-processed cup: stone-fruit, citrus and sweet florals throughout.
A high-toned, spice-driven, sweet-tart coffee grown in Alishan, Taiwan, a region highly regarded for its teas.
A friendly, accessible Haiti cup with pleasing nut and chocolate tones.
An elegantly bright structure supports a compelling range of classic Geisha aroma and flavors. 
A dark-roasted Haiti cup that highlights sweet smokiness and chocolaty nut tones.
A cleanly berry-driven natural Ethiopia cup with sweet floral and deep caramel undertones, lively and engaging.
A rich, delicately floral Colombia cup with suggestions of sweet citrus complicated by attractive hints of aromatic wood.
A rich, resonant natural-processed cup with pretty floral and stone fruit notes complemented by suggestions of sweet herb and nut.
A deep, complex Colombia processed by an elaborate experimental  anaerobic method that encourages engaging lactic tones enveloped in rich fruit and floral sweetness.
A uniquely composed natural-processed coffee with unusual yogurt-like nuance layered with chocolate, fruit and floral suggestions.
A vibrantly spice-driven cup with a throughline of bright floral and deep chocolate suggestions.
An elegant, subtle Ecuador cup driven by juicy berry notes and spice undertones, all harmonious and integrated.
 A straight-ahead washed Colombia cup with sweet fruit and flowers throughout and undertones of aromatic wood.
A very sweet, floral-toned coffee with a chocolate throughline. This is a micro-lot produced at a woman-owned farm.
Over the years this JBC house blend has been consistently solid-scoring, always accessible and friendly, balanced and affordable.
An impressively straightforward, balanced, sweet-toned Honduras cup with creamy nut and rich floral notes throughout.
The natural and washed Ethiopia coffees comprising this blend complement one another with particular balance and complexity. Especially inviting in cappuccino-scaled milk.
A coffee of the celebrated Geisha variety grown in Kona and processed by an experimental wine-yeast-fermented natural method designed to encourage Champagne-like acidity.
A rare single-farm Ethiopia, meticulously grown and processed by Dafis Abafita: elegant, deep, lively, compelling.
A headily perfumed cup grounded by cocoa nib. Paradoxically both high-toned and exhilarating while paradoxically deep and brooding.
An exceptional Yellow Bourbon grown in the Ka’u region of the Big Island of Hawai’i: expressive, nuanced, complex, juicy.
A high-toned natural-processed Ethiopia cup with a hint of sweet ferment and rich floral and chocolate undertones.
A solid, classic Kenya cup, cocoa-toned with layers of dark fruit.
A rich, resonant Rwanda cup with both depth and breadth: berry-toned and chocolaty.
A deep, brooding, balanced Panama Pacamara cup — a cleanly expressed natural with resonant notes of chocolate fudge and sweet florals throughout.
An elegant, assertive anaerobically processed Geisha from Panama, roasted to a darkish medium to develop notes of dark chocolate that complement heady fruit and florals.
A pleasing, delicately spice-toned, richly nutty Costa Rica cup, classically balanced.
An exciting Ka’u cup that is equal parts lushly fruit-forward and elegantly floral.
A cleanly fruit-forward, uniquely composed Hawai’i cup from the huge-beaned, very rare Maragogype variety of Arabica.
A thoughtful, inviting espresso blend with a nut-toned base and lush chocolate and floral top notes.
An unassuming, quietly complex natural-processed Ecuador cup with added intrigue from a partial anaerobic fermentation step.
A lovely espresso blend with detectable Kenya influence (deep savoriness) and a dark chocolate throughline.
An elegant, understated Guatemala Geisha processed by the honey method — deeply sweet and richly aromatic.
Flowers and fruit distinguish this natural-processed Ethiopia cup: crisp, clean and chocolaty with undertones of warm baking spices.
A Red Rooster exclusive coffee, and one worth seeking out: a classic washed Ethiopia profile with generous floral and complex citrus notes supported by crisp cocoa nib.
An anaerobically processed coffee with rich structure and original and intriguing aromatics: think walking into a bakery redolent with yeast and cinnamon.
A friendly, classic Rwanda cup: balanced, deep, floral and nutty with fruit undertones.
An intricately original natural-processed Colombia cup that evolves as it cools — lyrically sweet, mysteriously savory, invitingly tart.
A sweetly evocative presentation of Colombia Pink Bourbon, a rare and possibly misnamed variety particularly associated with the Huila region of Colombia. Classically wet-processed and driven by spicy floral, sweet citrus and tropical fruit notes.
A rich, complex, decadently sweet cup processed by an unusual anaerobic natural fermentation method. Jammy, chocolaty, floral.
A honey-processed Colombia with the vibrant sweetness and elegant balance we might expect from a coffee composed of the distinguished Sidra and Bourbon varieties. 
A crisp, delicate yet confident Colombia cup — classically sweet and cocoa-toned with juicy acidity.
Processed by an experimental anaerobic fermentation method that nets a savory, sweetly spicy and gingery, intriguingly unconventional cup. 
A lively, crisply chocolaty and sweetly berry-driven cup with a particularly poised, suavely balanced structure.
A bright, balanced, juicy Guatemala Geisha driven by stone fruit, floral and sweet nut notes with undertones of sweet herbs.
Friendly and appealing blend that is balanced, crisply fruit-toned, and satisfyingly chocolaty.
A lovely Mexico cup from the Oaxaca region: rich and vibrant, with spice-toned florals and notes of berry and sweet hazelnut.
A carefully considered blend of coffees from three origins — Ethiopia, Colombia, Nicaragua — showing fine range and balance, with an especially pleasuring structure and bright, but not showy, acidity.
A clean, deep-toned Guatemala cup, dried in the whole fruit and gently tart-leaning (think fresh raspberry).
Cocoa-driven, floral-framed, with rich cedar and dark red fruit notes throughout; a classic Kenya cup.
A richly sweet, harmonious, balanced Sumatra cup vivid with fresh earth notes juxtaposed with deep fruit and floral suggestions.
A bold, resonant, richly floral washed Ethiopia cup, confident in its high-toned citrusy and honeysuckle-redolent aromatics.
A sweetly nut-driven coffee -- think pistachio -- with sweet herb and aromatic wood undertones.
A very affordably priced microlot Colombia: berry-driven and chocolaty, with notes of rich nut brittle and sweet herbs.
A deeply sweet Peru cup distinguished by rich fudge-like chocolate suggestions with berry and aromatic wood nuance.
A lovely washed-process Ethiopia cup with notes of both stone fruit (apricot) and stone fruit flowers (plum blossom) with a bright, juicy structure.
An unabashedly fruit-forward coffee, redolent of a whole range of sweet berries. Deeply floral as well. 
Richly chocolaty and spicily floral with a hint of citrus for lift, this rare Orange Bourbon is a balanced, pleasing cup.
An especially high-toned, juicy-bright El Salvador cup comprised entirely of the rare Orange Bourbon variety of Arabica.
A profoundly complex, lyrically sweet, deeply chocolaty Sumatra, with rich undertones of pipe tobacco and pistachio throughout. Skillfully roasted for espresso brewing.
Richly spice-toned, floral- and fruit-driven, a complete expression of the great Kenya profile.
An impressive, affordably priced single-origin espresso: a natural-processed Ethiopia driven by cleanly expressed fruit with ballast from sweet dark chocolate and sandalwood.
A balanced, juicy washed Ethiopia cup driven by notes of stone fruit and cocoa nib — classically composed and deeply satisfying.
A resonant Peru cup with notes of deep florals, stone fruit and citrus zest.
A cocoa-driven Costa Rica cup complicated by gentle notes of citrus zest, sweet fruit and florals.
A classic Guatemala cup: sweetly nut-toned, friendly, accessible.
A pretty, confident, expansive Panama cup, richly fruit- and floral-toned.
A single-origin espresso from Honduras. Natural processing encourages a fruit-driven straight shot and a very chocolaty milk shot; especially full mouthfeel.
A stone fruit and cocoa-driven Guatemala cup. Crisp, bright, vibrant, balanced.
A high-toned, elegant washed Yirgacheffe cup with a floral and stone fruit throughline.
A crisp, high-toned Costa Rica honey-processed cup. Notes of tart apple and sweet florals throughout, supported by deep nut tones.
An exquisitely refined ultra-light-roasted coffee from Japan, all fruit and flowers, at turns delicate and mysterious, and consistently confident and engaging.
A fine Taiwan-grown Geisha, processed by the natural method, cleanly fruit-centered with spice-toned floral notes throughout the profile.
A rich-toned Kenya cup with classic black currant notes and both sweet and savory floral impulses.
A chocolaty, sweetly nutty Congo cup from a highly regarded cooperative, one-third of whose members are women.
Sweet floral suggestions complicate a base of richly aromatic cocoa and wood tones.
A classic Kenya cup: vibrant, sweet-tart, with bright acidity, rich florals and dark-berry fruit.
100% of the profits from the sale of this coffee go to support the Bellingham Food Bank in Washington State — and it’s a friendly, accessible daily-drinker, sweet and cocoa-toned.
A balanced, crisply sweet Nicaragua cup produced by a woman-owned farm.
A rich, resonant blend of Papua New Guinea and Colombia coffees with an appealing cocoa throughline nuanced by sweet herb undertones.
A balanced, gently spice-toned, delicately brisk washed Ethiopia cup.
An interesting blend of two origins not often combined, Haiti and Ethiopia, netting a pleasing, richly sweet cup.
 This house-blend espresso is deep, rich, floral and chocolaty; especially compelling in milk. And a bargain at $15.75 for 12 ounces.
An inviting, high-toned Rwanda cup with especially vibrant, juicy acidity. 
A classic washed Ethiopia cup: sweet, bright, balanced and juicy, with citrus and stone fruit notes supported by a cocoa throughline.
A friendly and appealing Peru cup with crisp, chocolaty depth and an aroma reminiscent of pralines.
A richly sweet, lingeringly aromatic Colombia cup with bittersweet floral notes.
Paradise says, “This coffee reminds us of Paul Bunyan chopping his way through a great forest, wearing Old Spice cologne, smoking a cigar, and not giving a care.” In more explicit terms, this coffee is earthy, foresty, musky and fresh tobacco-toned.
Tropics in a cup, all fruit and spice-toned florals, supported by a syrupy mouthfeel and bright structure. 
An integrated, harmonious Pink Bourbon from Colombia with high-toned floral and fruit notes throughout — richly aromatic, juicy and bright.
A coffee from the just-developed Amarosa pre-cultivar processed by the anaerobic honey method — worth seeking out both for its rarity and its striking cup profile.
A deep, confident darker-roasted Kona Typica that would play well with milk.
A delicate, gently sweet-tart cup from Thailand — friendly, easy-drinking, and very sweet.
An affordably priced single-origin Colombia espresso, deftly roasted to bring out dark chocolate and nut tones, both particularly attractive in the milk shot.
A friendly, easy-drinking Colombia cup with crisp chocolate and sweet nut  throughout.
A confidently fruit-driven natural-processed Ethiopia cup with depth, breadth, vivacity, and complexity.
A classic Central Africa cup driven by notes of stone fruit and spicy florals supported by rich-toned aromatic wood.
An accessible, easygoing natural-processed Ethiopia cup: deeply sweet, crisply chocolaty, with hints of spicy florals throughout.
A fine Peru cup with tropical aromatics, lively, balanced acidity and crisp, silky mouthfeel.
A barrel-fermented Ethiopia cup with a light touch — just a hint of wine cask on the nose and palate — supported by sweet berry, floral and chocolate suggestions.
A friendly, accessible (and accessibly priced) Colombia cup with engaging chocolate and raisin notes throughout.
An elegant natural-processed Ethiopia cup, fruit-toned with notes of sweet nuts and citrus zest.
A darker-roasted espresso blend particularly attractive in three parts milk, with sweet floral, rich chocolate, and deep nut tones. 
A delicate yet confident, fruit-driven PNG natural cup, juicy and appealingly sweet-tart.
A blend named in homage to the rolled metal shop that once occupied the site of Propeller’s current roasting operation. Crisp, chocolaty, richly sweet-toned.
A quietly impressive washed-process PNG cup, delicate and deeply sweet.
A honey-processed PNG cup, complexly fruit-toned with a backdrop of spicy flowers.
An impressive Yemen cup, deep-toned and cleanly fruit-centered with bright, juicy acidity and inviting spice notes throughout.
A balanced, vibrant Ecuador cup that leads with notes of sweet melon and spicy florals, supported by deep tones of ,cocoa and nut.
An unusual blend of two varieties of Arabica, both natural-processed and both derived from Ethiopian landraces — the well-known, floral-toned Geisha and the lesser-known, more balanced Java.
A classic D.R. Congo cup alive with notes of stone fruit, chocolate, nut butter, citrus zest.
A vibrantly rich Colombia cup from the rare Chiroso variety of Arabica, grown only in parts of Colombia and offered by Paradise for the first time.
An unusual blend of three coffees from two origins (Ethiopia and the Dominican Republic), each processed by a different method — washed, natural and honey — netting an impressively complex, multilayered espresso.
An exquisitely floral-toned, chocolaty single-origin espresso from Panama, with resonant notes of red stone fruit and further depth and intrigue from a resiny aromatic wood note suggesting frankincense.
A bright, crisply high-toned, floral-driven washed Guji with sweet herb undertones.
A nuanced, elegant Colombia Geisha with notes of tropical fruit, spice-toned florals and rich cocoa nib.
A cleanly fruit-forward Costa Rica coffee roasted for espresso, with notes of dried stone fruit, dark chocolate, and spice-toned florals.
A good-value, balanced Colombia cup, juicy and bright, with notes of stone fruit and cocoa nib throughout.
A friendly, accessible Colombia cup — briskly sweet and richly chocolaty.
A delicately fruit-toned natural-processed espresso: sweet, tart, juicy, bright. Especially chocolaty in three parts milk.
A berry-bomb of an Ethiopia natural: clean, juicy, richly sweet.
A honey-processed Sumatra cup that leads with tropical fruit notes with undertones of savory-leaning spices.
Floral and spice tones drive this fine Rwanda cup with support from sweet nut and aromatic wood suggestions.
An interesting sweet-savory cup profile with berry and chocolate in the foreground and undertones of a pleasantly tangy sensation akin to fresh goat cheese.
An appealing Guatemala cup with crisp apple and sweet herb notes supported by a throughline of rich nut tones.
A friendly, balanced washed Ethiopia with notes of sweet melon, rich aromatic wood, and citrusy herb.
A classic wet-hulled Sumatra cup: sweet, savory, earthy, full-bodied.
A gently fruit-toned natural-processed Ethiopia with spice floral notes and a hint of citrus zest.
A decadent, dessert-like cup from the rare Mocca variety of Arabica with a throughline of tropical fruit and a hint of sweet ferment.
A sophisticated fruit bomb of a coffee — the celebrated Geisha variety experimentally processed by world-class Elida Estate in Panama.
A classic Kona Typica cup produced by a new sustainability-minded farm. And nicely priced for a fine Kona.
A high-toned yet resonant natural-processed Catuaí from Panama: sweetly tart, floral, evocative of the tropics.
A classic Kenya-esque cup produced in Kona from the famous Kenya SL28 variety: juicy, deep, balanced, bright.
A cleanly fruit-forward Bourbon Pointu cup from Kona supported by rich nut, sweet herb, and aromatic wood notes.
A delicate, perfumy honey-processed Honduras with throughlines of dried stone fruit and spice-toned florals.
An unabashedly tart natural-process Honduras cup: clean, crisp, sweet and chocolaty.
A savory-toned, chocolaty and berry-driven Ka’u cup processed by a hybrid method in which the whole fruit is subject to fermentation using wine yeasts.
A friendly, accessible Uganda cup, deep-toned and chocolate-driven.
A complex, savory-sweet, rich-toned single-origin Kenya espresso with layers of sweet, tart and savory impulses, all harmoniously integrated.
An impressive example of a cleanly dried-in-the-fruit or natural-processed Ethiopia coffee displaying both the complexity and depth associated with natural-processed Ethiopias with the spice-toned floral notes typical of washed-process versions. 
An intriguing anaerobically processed Ethiopia cup that takes a complex lean toward the savory end of the sensory spectrum.
A single-origin, natural-processed Ethiopia espresso with a lush sweet-tartness and a deep chocolaty throughline.
A single-origin coffee from Costa Rica processed by the yellow honey method and roasted for espresso: high-toned, richly bittersweet, especially complex in the milk shot.
A gently fruit-toned honey-processed Ethiopia cup redolent with stone fruit, deep chocolate, and a hint of sweet garden herbs.
A classic Kenya cup with notes of red fruit, sweet florals, and a hint of pleasing umami (think sweet ripe tomato).
A lush, balanced, juicy-sweet Pink Bourbon from Colombia, lyrical in its balance and elegance.
Classic Kenya through and through: high-toned, juicy-sweet, resonantly deep, rich and bright.
A meticulously and experimentally processed Geisha cup from one of Colombia’s most respected farms: juicy, playful, floral, fruity, complex.
A compelling fruit- and floral-toned Kona cup, Kenya-esque in its bright acidity and complex aromatics.
A deep, rich, fruit-driven, spice-framed Yemen cup, nuanced and multi-layered, with intriguingly complex aromatics.
Equal parts chocolate- and fruit-driven, with crisp baking chocolate and sweet stone fruit as throughlines.
A crisply sweet, quietly vibrant Colombia cup, chocolaty and delicately floral-toned.
A classic Colombia cup — crisp, sweet, chocolaty and floral  — with especially attractive acidity.
A crisply chocolaty, nut-toned and aromatic wood-framed Rwanda cup.
A friendly, accessible, balanced Ethiopia cup: crisp, floral, delicately sweet.
A natural-processed Panama cup with notes of dried fruit, creamy nut, and a hint of gardenia-like flowers.
A cleanly fruit-centered Costa Rica natural with suggestions of honeysuckle throughout the profile.
A rich-toned Kenya cup driven by classic red currant notes, both richly sweet and deeply savory.
A creamy, nut-framed single-origin Guatemala espresso — driven primarily by one note (cashew butter), but an appealing one.
A classic Colombia coffee, deep-toned and chocolaty, roasted for espresso. Particularly floral and rich in milk.
A blend of coffees from six origins that were processed by four different methods — aptly named “The World” — roasted for espresso.
A pleasingly tart natural-process Ethiopia cup with a throughline of stone fruit and tangy floral notes.
A rich, deeply pungent Panama Geisha cup deftly roasted to medium to promote particularly attractive caramel and floral notes.
A quietly complex washed Guji coffee: crisp, smooth, richly drying and balanced.
A friendly, accessible washed Ethiopia cup animated by delicate stone fruit, cocoa and sweet herb notes throughout.
A natural-processed Guji characterized by pleasing aromatic wood notes complicated by stone fruit and chocolate.
A quietly pleasing natural-processed Yirgacheffe cup with citrus and sweet nut undertones.
Like s’mores in a cup: sweet, chocolate-driven with notes of marshmallow and graham cracker.
A pretty, tropical-leaning, richly floral Kona Maragogype processed by the natural method — juicy, vibrant, complex, nuanced.
An adeptly darker-roasted Thailand Robusta, with bittersweet nut and cocoa impulses supported by sweet florals and dried fruit notes.
A Robusta coffee from Thailand that’s deftly darker-roasted to develop cocoa and deep nut tones.
A crisply chocolaty Colombia cup with deep fruit and rich aromatic wood notes.
A complex, richly fruit-toned natural-processed Ethiopia cup with distinct dark chocolate notes throughout.
A classic washed Ethiopia cup: balanced, bright and vibrant, with throughlines of stone fruit and cocoa nib.
A juicy, bright espresso blend with notes of tropical fruit and cocoa nib. Especially delicate and inviting in the milk shot.
A cup from the admired Colombia Pink Bourbon that evokes the tropics: richly floral, and with a throughline of deep sandalwood notes.
A deep, rich Chiapas cup deftly medium-roasted to emphasize chocolate and floral tones.
A tantalizingly complex, balanced, juicy Costa Rica honey with lyrically vibrant acidity, exceptionally full, syrupy mouthfeel, and a flavor-saturated finish that goes on and on.
A uniquely composed espresso blend involving three different processing methods — washed, natural, and anaerobic — harmoniously integrating sweet, chocolaty, tart, and savory expressions for a nuanced and multi-layered sensory experience.
A confident, inviting natural-process Ethiopia cup with engaging notes of cocoa nib, dried stone fruit, and spicy florals.
A crisply chocolaty, sweetly nut-toned Rwanda with pleasing floral and fruit nuance.
An elegantly vibrant Ethiopia cup processed by the anaerobic natural method, netting a lyrical pungency and harmonious balance.
An intriguing, deeply nuanced coffee with savory-sweet impulses and an inviting kefir-like tang, all driven by explosive notes of tropical flowers.
A musky-rich, chocolaty, gently rum barrel-toned Colombia processed by an experimental natural method that encourages both high-toned sweetness and savory depth. 
A confident, unabashedly lactic-leaning anaerobic-slow-dried Catuai grown by renowned Geisha producer Elida Estate — sweet, tangy, juicy, intense.
A richly low-toned, crisply chocolaty, sweetly earthy anaerobic Ethiopia cup.
A crisply chocolaty, spice-toned anaerobic washed Peru cup with pretty floral notes throughout, both vanilla and lavender.
A dense and dessert-like coffee, sweet yet pungent, chocolate and cheese.
A lovely darker-roasted Ethiopia processed by the anaerobic natural method, discreetly smoky and richly floral and chocolaty.
Carbonic maceration may promote this coffee’s balance and quiet complexity: chocolate, citrus, herb, flowers. 
A juicy-bright cup for lovers of tart-leaning coffees — think passion fruit softened by cocoa nib.
A complex, richly bittersweet single-origin natural-process Ethiopia espresso that emphasizes dark fruit and citrus notes supported by rich cocoa and intimations of deeply aromatic sandalwood.
A balanced blend of both washed- and natural-processed coffees with delicate fruit and deep chocolate and nut tones throughout. Particularly pretty in milk.
A classic Nyeri cup: floral- and fruit-driven, chocolaty, richly aromatic and punctuated with sweet herb undertones.
An unusual Rwanda cup. The experimental processing method may accentuate the complexity of the cup, sweetly fruit-toned yet brisk and savory.
A multi-layered washed Ethiopia cup with resonant citrus, herb and cocoa notes throughout and a particularly exciting acidity, juicy and balanced.
A classic Kenya cup, equally sweet and savory, with the exhilarating tart fruit notes and sweet herb tones the origin is admired for.
A graceful, engaging single-origin natural-processed Yirgacheffe espresso: cleanly fruit-driven, chocolaty, especially floral in three parts milk.
An integrated, satisfyingly complete washed Ethiopia cup in which fruit, florals and cocoa harmonize.
Chocolate and flowers: crisp cocoa nib and resonant narcissus-like florals animate this graceful Rwanda cup.
A sweet cocoa-toned Kenya cup complicated by appealing bittersweet floral notes suggesting hop flowers.
An impressive water-processed decaf from coffees produced in Ethiopia’s Guji growing area — sweet, chocolaty, with inviting aromatic wood notes.
A deeper-roasted, rich-toned blend that satisfies by foregrounding chocolate and floral notes.
A smooth, deeply sweet, richly savory Kenya cup, chocolaty and floral-driven, with an especially compelling mulberry note throughout.
An attractively fruit-toned, natural-processed Colombia with a winey aroma and flavor, supported by notes of rich chocolate and sweet florals.
A big, juicy, cleanly fruit-forward anaerobically processed Ethiopia cup.
The unconventional addition of fruit to the tank during a long ferment stage contributes to a vibrantly nuanced cup. 
A deeply sweet, richly aromatic Peru with a crisp chocolate throughline and hints of flowers throughout.
A friendly, accessible, gently medium-roasted Colombia cup with an engaging hint of baking spices.
A bright, juicy-sweet Colombia Caturra — classically chocolaty with rich fruit and floral notes.
A darker-roasted espresso blend, chocolaty and floral-toned. Maintains character well in milk preparations.
A clean, lively natural-processed Typica grown in the Veracruz region of Mexico — bright, deep, elegantly fruit-forward.
Nuanced and complex, a rare natural-processed Pacamara from Nicaragua. Deep, rich, and sweet-tart-savory in harmonious balance.
An understated, balanced PNG cup with pretty nut tones andcrisp  cocoa throughout.
A juicy fruit-bomb of a natural Ethiopia cup, the fruit complemented by spicy floral and buttery nut tones.
A cocoa-driven, floral espresso blend, medium-roasted, that is particularly attractive in the milk shot.
A fruit-driven, spice-toned Sidamo natural cup with depth and complexity. Particularly juicy acidity.
A uniquely structured Congo cup that is equal parts sweet, tart and savory. Resinous nut and mesquite suggestions complement sweet honey notes.
A rich-toned, very deeply sweet, subtly savory Rwanda cup with cocoa and floral intrigue. 
A stunningly juicy, deeply rich, chocolaty cup, pleasingly complicated by notes of mulberry and almond brittle.
A balanced, richly berry-driven natural-processed Rwanda cup, juicy and sweet.
A Kenya-like Tanzania cup — richly pungent, resonantly sweet-savory, layered and complex.
A deep-toned, chocolaty natural-process Rwanda cup with inviting aromatic wood notes.
A subtly complex, balanced Burundi cup with engaging spice-toned floral and stone fruit notes.
A confidently structured, nuanced Rwanda cup, notably light-roasted, with leading notes of cocoa and tart fruit.
A deep-toned, chocolaty and floral Rwanda cup with lift from bright citrus suggestions.
An inviting darker-roasted Burundi with deep, rich chocolate notes throughout, complicated by sweet florals, dried fruit, and a pleasingly smoky cedar. 
A Tanzania produced from trees of the SL28 variety so closely associated with Kenya, and reminiscent of the best Kenyas with its nectar-like sweetness, deep complexity, and a surprising and disarming levity.
A nuanced, complex, uniquely composed washed Ethiopia cup offering it all: sweet elegance, playful tartness, rich depth.
A uniquely composed washed Ethiopia cup: citrusy, herbaceous, chocolaty, exceptionally and complexly nuanced.
A juicy, richly fruit-toned, nougaty cup from Taiwan’s expanding Alishan growing region — sweet, balanced, juicy, bright.
A harmonious, integrated natural-processed Ethiopia with bright berry and deep floral notes throughout, supported by fragrant sandalwood.
An elegant, juicy, raspberry and honey-toned natural-processed Ethiopia cup — delicate, high-toned, deeply inviting.
A brightly sweet-tart natural-processed Costa Rica cup from the mountains of Tarrazú — beautifully structured, confident, deeply satisfying.
An understated, complex, elegantly aromatic Panama Geisha cup saturated with resiny floral, tropical fruit and honey notes.
A decadently rich natural-processed Colombia cup characterized by sweet fruit and spice-toned florals.
A clean, intensely fruit-toned anaerobically processed Colombia cup, citrusy and bright.
An intentionally fermenty, fruit-toned Colombia cup processed by the anaerobic method: fruity, chocolaty, pleasantly funky.
An inviting, nuanced Colombia Pink Bourbon cup: richly chocolaty with spicy floral and sweet fruit notes throughout.
A quietly confident, resonantly floral, richly fruit-toned natural-processed Ethiopia cup.
A gently classic Jamaica Blue Mountain cup: cocoa-toned and crisply sweet, nuanced with hints of citrusy herbs and nougat.
This very rare bean, a peaberry grade of the enormous Maragogype variety, produces here a gorgeous, vivid, richly sweet-savory cup.
A resonant, clean, vibrantly sweet-tart washed anaerobic Ecuador cup with an exhilaratingly complex range of aromatic expression.
A richly bittersweet Colombia cup processed with the addition of lactobacilli to the whole-cherry fermentation, resulting in a fundamentally sweet cup with savory undertones.
A complete, expressive Kenya cup with tart fruit, sweet cocoa and spicy floral notes throughout.
A compellingly sweet-savory Ecuador Typica with bright, juicy acidity, especially smooth mouthfeel, and confident, long finish.
A rare conventionally washed-process Sumatra cup, roasted for espresso, rich, spice-toned and floral.
A deep, chocolaty Colombia cup with ballast from spicy florals and sweet, creamy nut.
A balanced blend of coffees from El Salvador, Ethiopia and Colombia that offers a richly chocolaty and thoroughly floral cup, especially attractive in cappuccino-scaled milk.
An adeptly medium-roasted all-Pacamara blend that emphasizes this big-beaned variety’s engaging balance of sweet and savory impulses.
A balanced, bright Yemen cup with leading notes of vanilla-like florals and subtle sweet ferment.
A uniquely composed Costa Rica coffee processed by an experimental anaerobic natural method that yields a cup equally fruity, floral, and deeply savory.
A harmoniously balanced, satisfying complete, multi-layered Colombia cup produced from trees of the Ethiopian Wush Wush variety: citrus, spice, and stone fruit aromas and flavors throughout.
An intriguingly complex Brazil natural cup, resonant throughout with spice, citrus and sweet floral notes.
A deftly darker-roasted single-origin espresso that’s equally impressive in the straight shot and in milk: chocolaty, fruit-toned; complex and rich.
A berry-driven, multi-layered Yemen coffee with spice-toned floral notes supporting raspberry and citrusy herb suggestions.
A resonant, roast-centered but balanced single-origin espresso with a lovely magnolia-like throughline.
A sweetly spice-toned Yemen cup with undertones of citrus zest, dried stone fruit and sweet nuts.
A friendly, accessible blend of coffees from Brazil, Colombia and Guatemala that nets a cocoa- and fruit-toned cup.
A nuanced blend of coffees from Panama, Ethiopia and Costa Rica with an especially pleasing, crisply juicy acidity.
A complex darker-roasted blend. Cappuccino-scaled milk brings out its chocolaty best.
An unusual, uniquely composed single-origin Brazil cold-brew: tropical, tart-leaning, richly fruity.
A graceful, high-toned Ethiopia cup with sweet herb undertones, inviting in its delicately floral and fruit-toned complexity.
A rare yellow honey-processed Ethiopia cup with the clean vibrancy of a washed coffee and the nuanced depth associated with careful honey processing.
A pungent, deep-toned Costa Rica cup processed by the black honey method. Juicy-bright acidity and lush, viscous mouthfeel.
A nuanced, fruit-driven natural-processed Ethiopia cup with impressive depth, range, and complexity.
A balanced, bright, rich-toned Panama Geisha in Nespresso-compatible format: chocolaty, sweetly fruit-driven, deeply floral.
Floral, fruit-driven, balanced and bright — a classic washed Sidamo cup.
A complex, deeply nuanced red honey espresso from Costa Rica with bright fruit and floral notes juxtaposed with subtle, integrated sandalwood impulses.
A bright, balanced washed Ethiopia cup carried by stone fruit and rich cocoa and nut notes.
A high-toned, juicy-tart, downright heady washed Ethiopia cup with distinct tropical leanings.
An entertaining natural-processed Colombia coffee with invitingly syrupy mouthfeel and graceful spice-toned aromatics.
A nuanced, multi-layered, sweetly earthy Yemen cup with honeyish herb undertones.
A pungent, deep-toned Costa Rica cup processed by the black honey method. Juicy-bright acidity and lush, viscous mouthfeel.
A delicate, brightly sweet Kenya cup with a spice throughline and engaging cocoa notes.
A good-value Geisha with balanced notes of stone fruit and spice-toned florals with undertones of sweet herbaceousness.
A friendly, accessible Colombia cup: sweet and nutty with pleasing chocolate tones throughout.
An inviting blend of coffees from three origins — sweety nutty, richly wood-framed, floral-toned.
A Papua New Guinea cup that is as vibrant as it is deep, with rich low tones of a toffee-like sweetness and lively high tones of stone fruit blossoms, all held together by an enveloping sandalwood-like spice.
A fruit-driven, sweetly herbaceous wash-processed Ethiopia cup: delicate, bright, juicy.
A tropical-inclined, natural-processed, women-farmed Colombia cup festooned with a crowd of reassuring certifications: organic, Rainforest Alliance, Bird Friendly. Complexly fruit-centered, harmoniously balanced.
A cocoa-toned, citrusy, sweetly herby washed Ethiopia cup.
An aptly named fruit-centered espresso blend with watermelon-like notes and a Nutella throughline; especially appealing in milk.
A friendly, sweet, nut-toned espresso blend comprised of both natural- and washed-processed components.
A pleasingly crisp, sweetly stone fruit- and nut-toned organic Haiti cup with an inspiring story and a chocolate throughline. 
A delicately complex, cocoa-toned Dominican Republic cup, certified organic, with inviting clover-like floral notes throughout.
A gentle, roast-rounded espresso with pretty cocoa and sweet nut tones throughout, especially in milk.
An adult espresso blend with austere harmonies of delicate chocolate and warm, dusky spice.
Paradise owner Miguel Meza calls this blend his “new-wave retro espresso.” Could be, with its embrace of the savory and nutty in lieu of big chocolate. Especially distinctive in milk, where the savory and sweet merge best.
A decidedly deep-toned espresso blend that persuasively triangulates stone fruit, pipe tobacco and earthy-sweet spice.
A crisply chocolaty, gently fruit-toned, sweetly floral espresso blend especially complex in cappuccino-scale milk.
A low-toned, richly sweet espresso blend for lovers of caramel- and nut-driven coffees.
A blend of coffees from four origins whose sum is a sweetly tart, bold, resonant straight shot and a floral, smoky, intoxicatingly chocolaty experience in milk.
Heady, nuanced, deep — the shot in milk, in particular, is enchantingly sweet, enigmatically savory, integrated and harmonious.
A deeply sweet, dessert-like espresso blend, gently smoke-toned, sweetly nutty and floral, boldly chocolaty.
A friendly, confident espresso blend, particularly nuanced and complex in three parts milk.
A compelling version of the rare Sudan Rume variety — complex, multi-layered, richly savory-leaning.
A splendid Tanzania Gesha that mesmerizes with lush, complex spice and deep, pervasive sweetness.
A deeply sweet, richly aromatic Panama Geisha cup characterized by dried fruit and resonant floral tones.
A complex, deeply sweet-savory espresso blend with tart fruit notes at the top and chocolaty, earthy tones underneath.
A richly fruit-toned, crisply chocolaty natural-processed Nicaragua cup.
An intensely aromatic, yet delicate, natural-processed Geisha from Ethiopia: juicy, floral, berry-toned.
A confident, unapologetic fruit bomb of a coffee with spicy floral complication.
A fruit-toned natural-processed Ethiopia cup with an interesting marshmallow note throughout and undertones of rich nut butter and citrus.
A crisply sweet Burundi cup with spicy floral tones and an invitingly savory thyme-like note.
A berry-toned, crisply chocolaty espresso blend, particularly appealing in cappuccino-scaled milk.
A friendly, accessible natural Ethiopia cup with deep fruit, crisp chocolate and sweet nut notes throughout.
A striking and original version of the rare Sudan Rume variety of Arabica: all spice, herbs and cocoa.
A classic Sumatra profile: rich, deep, sweetly savory and big-bodied.
An elegant, exquisitely balanced single-variety Ethiopia cup fermented anaerobically, then double-washed, for a pure expression of flowers and fruit. 
A chocolaty-rich, sweetly floral, tartly fruit-toned single-origin Colombia espresso.
A deep, resonant, balanced Sumatra cup with inviting notes of dark stone fruit and rich chocolate.
A nuanced, multi-layered washed Guji cup with deep aromatics that lean toward citrus and sweet herbs, balanced and deepened by cocoa tones throughout. 
A berry- and chocolate-driven natural-processed single-origin Guatemala espresso — rich, deep, and particularly floral in milk.
A classic washed Ethiopia cup distinguished by spicy floral and bright stone fruit notes.
A pretty natural-processed Guatemala that leads with gentle berry notes supported by rich chocolate and sweet herb undertones.
A deeply fruit-toned Yemen cup with rich savory underpinnings and a plush, viscous mouthfeel.
A bright, juicy, floral- and citrus-driven Kenya cup.
A harmonious washed Guatemala with pleasing notes of cocoa, dark stone fruit and a mélange of baking spices.
A particularly chocolaty Guatemala cup with a compelling savory throughline suggesting thyme that balances the cup’s rich sweetness.
A classic washed Guatemala cup: balanced, bright and vibrant, with throughlines of stone fruit, sweet nut tones, and baking chocolate.
A balanced, floral-toned cup with undertones of dried fruit and creamy hazelnut.
A sweetly nutty, richly bittersweet natural-processed Guatemala cup given levity by sweetly tart stone fruit notes and sweet and spicy florals.
A delicate, richly aromatic natural-processed Guatemala cup with leading notes of dried fruit and rich chocolate.
 The rare and admired Sudan Rume variety of Arabica presented in classic washed-process format: deceptively simple, sweetly herbaceous, cocoa-toned, deep.
A gently fruit-toned, subtly aromatic washed Panama Geisha cup, comfortable and inviting.
A friendly, gentle Bolivia cup characterized by richly sweet nut and crisp aromatic wood suggestions.
A heady, complex, nuanced natural Ethiopia cup with levity and balance; pairs beautifully with lemony baked goods.
Red berry and rich chocolate notes characterize this richly aromatic, deeply sweet-savory, classic Kenya cup.
A Nicaragua cup from trees of the uncommon yellow-fruited Maracaturra variety of Arabica — enlivening and inviting in its complexity.
The lactic-acid influence appears to contribute surprise and originality to this Kona — sweet-tart-savory pleasures in harmony — that deepen as the cup cools.
An anaerobic natural Robusta that sings in the straight shot, lyric and original, then backs off to a pleasant, nut-toned murmur in three parts milk. Try it if you’re curious how striking and interesting a really good Robusta can be, but leave the milk in the fridge.
A gently roast-rounded cup, richly sweet and deep-toned, carried by crisp chocolate and caramelized nut notes.
A particularly expressive version of the classic Kenya cup with deep berry fruit and tangy citrus notes supported by rich chocolate and toffee.
A rich-toned, deeply layered El Salvador Pacamara, crisply chocolaty and balanced.
An inviting washed-process Ethiopia cup with especially juicy acidity and pretty spice-toned floral notes throughout.
A deep-toned, richly sweet Congo cup with an especially plush, syrupy mouthfeel.
A rich-toned, complex, nuanced Tanzania cup with a particularly plush, syrupy mouthfeel.
A deep, engaging, rich Mexico cup with lingering sweetness and spicy floral notes throughout the profile.
A quietly confident Guatemala cup produced by highly regarded Bella Carmona farm — crisply chocolaty, citrusy, richly bittersweet.
A subtly complex Mexico cup, multi-layered and balanced.
A savory-leaning Kenya cup — bittersweet with appealing floral tartness rounded by notes of rich cane sugar.
A balanced, vibrant Kenya cup with particularly inviting, high-toned acidity.
Gently crisp chocolate and honeysuckle-like floral notes animate this Rwanda Bourbon cup.
A fruit-driven blend of natural- and honey-processed coffees roasted for espresso — rich, floral, fruity, sweet.
A sweetly nut- and floral-toned blend of Colombia coffees, pleasingly straightforward. 
A friendly, accessible breakfast blend roasted to medium-light with crisp chocolate and sweet nut tones throughout.
A friendly, accessible El Salvador cup with richly sweet nut tones anchoring aroma and flavor.
A classic washed Panama Geisha cup with pretty floral and stone fruit aromatics and a rich cocoa throughline.
A friendly Brazil cup with leading notes of dried fruit and undertones of spicy florals and fresh leather.
An accessible, crisply sweet Taiwan cup with subtle depth.
A focused, superbly confident Guatemala Geisha with exuberant florals, richly bittersweet citrus zest, and deep cocoa notes — coffee in technicolor.
A chocolaty, citrusy-tart cup with spicy floral undertones and vibrant acidity and mouthfeel.
A classic Pacamara cup: deep-toned, richly savory, holistically sweet.
A bright, juicy cup for lovers of high-toned coffees — think tropical fruit medley tempered by cocoa nib and oak.
A richly sweet, complex natural-processed Ethiopia cup: berry- and cocoa-toned, with a faint, intentional suggestion of sweet ferment.
A deep, complex, and sweetly herbaceous cup worth seeking out both for its unique character and its rarity.
A floral- and fruit-driven, deeply aromatic natural-processed Ethiopia roasted for espresso, especially appealing in the straight shot.
Juicy, fruity and cocoa-toned, this washed Sidama cup offers simultaneous balance and excitement.
Unusual post-processing treatment of the finished, washed-process green coffee--involving a bath in grape juice and oak before a second washing--promotes subtly wine-like aromas and flavors.
An elegant, balanced, juicy natural-processed Costa Rica Geisha with complexity and finesse.
A classically compelling Kenya cup: juicy, deep yet bright, balanced, with an especially appealing savory throughline.
A quietly expressive, juicy natural-processed Guji cup characterized by sweet florals, delicate fruit notes, pervasive cocoa, and an inviting umami undercurrent.
A floral, spice-driven Gesha cup from Colombia with suggestions of stone fruit, deep florals, and an especially engaging acidity.
A classic washed Ethiopia cup: complex, rich, energetic, bright (and certified organic).
A deep and engaging Kenya cup that leads with bittersweet floral and chocolate notes.
A balanced, chocolaty, richly fruit-toned organic Ethiopia natural cup.
A high-toned, vibrant washed-process Ethiopia cup animated by rich flowers and bittersweet citrus supported by complex herb notes.
A finely balanced cup from Vietnam centered around notes of stone fruit and sweet nut.
A pleasingly nut-forward Brazil cup with undertones of citrus zest, cane sugar and dried fruit.
A solid Guji natural in Nespresso-compatible format with crisp chocolate, vanilla-like florals, and orange zest notes.
A subtly nuanced Kenya cup, citrusy and bright.
Mokkita, a rare strain of the already rare Mokka variety, shines brilliantly here: elegant yet wild, confident, unique.
A classic Kenya cup: rich, sweetly savory, bright, juicy, deep.
A pretty, berry-toned natural-processed El Salvador Bourbon with high-toned structure and juicy acidity.
A rich, crisply chocolaty Kenya cup. Pleasing nut and dried fruit notes throughout.
A vast, intense experience of Yemen coffee: intricate, lyrical, compelling.
Kenya-like in its pungent sweet-tart balance, with aromatics driven by dark berry fruit, citrus, sweet herbs and resonant vanilla notes.
A big, round, deeply resonant Yemen cup with pretty floral (think orange blossom) and date-like fruit impulses.
Kenya-like in its finesse, power and balance — citrusy, richly bittersweet yet fruity and juicy.
An intriguing savory throughline akin to sarsaparilla (a plant that helps give real root beer its unique flavor) makes this chocolaty Yemen stand out — it’s also a relative bargain for top Yemens.
A straight-ahead, crisply chocolaty, sweetly nut- and berry-toned Yemen cup.
A nuanced, sweetly earthy and fruit-forward Yemen with honey-like florals and notes of ripe stone fruit.
A chocolate-toned, fruit-driven cup complicated by undertones of rich florals and aromatic wood notes.
A friendly, easygoing Yemen cup with a profile highlighting rich chocolate and sweetly rich aromatic wood.
A classic Peru cup driven by chocolate and nut tones, Nutella-like in its sweet richness.
A fruit-driven, richly chocolaty, anaerobically processed Colombia from a highly regarded innovative producer.
A deep, balanced Honduras cup with inviting sweet fruit and floral notes supported by rich nut-butter suggestions.
An appealingly floral, fruit-centered espresso blend with pleasing cocoa impulses providing ballast for the high-toned berry notes.
An engaging natural-processed Ethiopia in Nespresso-compatible format, especially appealing in the bright, cocoa-toned straight shot.
A crisply sweet natural-processed Ethiopia cup: berry- and cocoa-toned, with an attractive touch of sweet ferment suggesting the scent of rum barrel.
A friendly, accessible blend in Nespresso-compatible format — delicate, balanced, crisply chocolaty with cashew-like nut throughout.
A half-natural, half-washed blend of coffees from Ethiopia and Nicaragua, respectively, that net a chocolaty, fruit-driven espresso.
 A rich, chocolaty Kona cup with floral and nut tones, roasted to a darkish medium.
An engaging darker-roasted Kona cup with sweet florals and dried fruit notes and a gently smoky aromatic wood throughline.
An elegant, crisply sweet, cocoa-toned washed Yirgacheffe cup with a floral throughline.
A cocoa- and fruit-driven, delicately natural-processed Guatemala cup.
A uniquely composed, harmoniously balanced Sudan Rume cup from Guatemala, natural-processed but fermented with the addition of wild yeasts, netting a  deeply rich cup.
A richly berry-toned Ethiopia natural: clean, crisp, richly juicy.
An exciting yet serene Kenya coffee whose aroma, flavor and structure lift and intensify the classic Kenya cup profile — and a bargain for a coffee this distinguished. 
A superb, nectar-like natural-processed Ethiopia displaying intense candy- and floral-toned aromatics.
A chocolaty berry bomb of a coffee — think blackberry cobbler with a side of chocolate sauce.
A quietly complex everyday blend that hits all the right notes: chocolaty, floral, nutty and rich.
A resonantly rich single-origin Kenya espresso with a careful, deeply developed roast profile that promotes balanced notes of chocolate and fruit throughout.
A harmony of sweet-tart-savory notes ranging from dried stone fruit to esoteric culinary herbs characterizes this anaerobic-processed Colombia.
An elegant, graceful washed Ethiopia cup, both delicate and confident.
A very refined, elegant and powerful Kenya cup — juicy, sweet, rich, complex, deep.
A subtle, accessible washed-process Guji coffee: crisp, smooth, cocoa-toned, pleasingly herbaceous.
A fruit-toned, chocolaty natural-processed Catuaí from Panama’s Elida Estate distinguished by a rich aromatic wood note suggesting barrel-aged rum.
A pretty fruit-forward washed Yirgacheffe cup with leading notes of stone fruit and citrus and ballast from delicate suggestions of cocoa nib.
A deeply fruit-toned natural-processed Ethiopia cup with distinct raspberry notes throughout — sweet, tart, richly aromatic.
An experimentally processed Catuaí that stays on the rich, pleasing side of fermenty — fruit-toned and chocolaty at its core.
A multi-layered, savory-leaning anaerobically processed Guji cup with deep fruit and bittersweet floral notes.
A classic Indonesia cup — deep, earthy, sweet, savory, rich.
A richly aromatic, engaging fair-trade Ethiopia cup roasted to a deep, resonant medium that encourages crisp chocolate inclinations.
A deeply aromatic washed Costa Rica Geisha with the lavish florals this variety is known for, supported by bright fruit and sweet chocolate.
An integrated, appealingly balanced natural-processed Ethiopia cup with distinct raspberry notes, rich chocolate, and spice-toned florals in both aroma and flavor.
A compelling, complex, rich-toned Pacamara cup from El Salvador — classically bittersweet and elegantly nuanced.
A subtly spice-driven, cocoa-toned natural-processed Ethiopia cup with pleasing notes of fresh raspberry throughout.
A juicy, high-toned Ethiopia cup with rich tropical fruit and lemony herb notes and a cocoa throughline.
A delightfully herbaceous, cocoa-toned Sudan Rume cup from Colombia with a throughline of cardamom-like spice notes supported by crisp chocolate.
A relaxing, laid-back Ethiopia cup with pretty almond and pear notes supported by crisp chocolate.
A unique Hawai’i coffee, both in regard to species (Liberica, seldom grown outside Southeast Asia) and a fermented natural processing method. Nets an impressively rich berry and bittersweet floral cup.
A sweetly pungent natural-processed Ethiopia cup, fruit-driven, with an especially viscous, creamy mouthfeel.
A harmonious Chiapas cup with tart fruit, spicy floral, and sweet chocolate suggestions.
An accurately named fruit-driven espresso blend with berry notes supported by spice-toned florals and hazelnut-like chocolate.
An accurately named fruit-driven espresso blend with berry notes supported by spice-toned florals and hazelnut-like chocolate.
An entertaining blend of three coffees that contribute distinctly different lead notes to the cup profile. In particular, blueberry notes from the natural Ethiopia harmonize with the other components nicely.
A single-origin Kenya espresso that has a trifecta of balanced fruit, chocolate, and spice-toned floral notes. Equally complex in the straight shot and in three parts milk.
A friendly, straightforward blend that is driven by notes of dried fruit and creamy nut and chocolate.
A complex Guatemala Geisha that expresses stone fruit and nut-toned chocolate in equal parts, invitingly sweet-tart and very deep.
An invitingly complex single-origin Guatemala espresso — richly chocolaty, sweetly floral, engagingly complex.
Confidently fruit-toned, this natural-processed Ethiopia impresses with great depth and complexity.
A juicy, bright, inviting Kenya-esque Kona cup: balanced, intricate, complete. 
A clean, confident natural-processed Ethiopia cup with distinct stone fruit and chocolate notes and spicy floral undertones.
A rare but relatively affordable Puna microlot processed by an experimental lactic method that nets a saturated intensity of aroma and flavor.
A harmoniously structured, berry-driven Kona Bourbon Pointu Laurina cup, nuanced, complex, rare. 
A rich, fruit- and fragrant wood-framed natural-processed Colombia cup.
A floral- and citrus-toned Colombia Java cup processed by carbonic maceration. A bargain for an unusually fine coffee produced from an unusual tree variety and processed by an unusual method.
A nuanced, multi-layered natural-processed Ethiopia cup, cleanly fruit-forward and briskly chocolaty with a berry throughline.
A solid natural-processed Guji cup with candy-like fruit notes as a throughline and richly bittersweet florals.
A blend of coffees from Papua New Guinea and Costa Rica, roasted for espresso, rich-toned and chocolaty, particularly in cappuccino-scaled milk.
A chocolaty, elegantly bittersweet anaerobic Ethiopia cup with a bergamot-like flourish and rich chocolate notes underneath.
A high-toned, deeply sweet, richly tart and chocolaty coffee from the Bombe Mountains of Ethiopia.
An exciting, intensely distinctive coffee for sensory adventurers: Rich umami flair enveloped in sweet-tart fruit with shifting, intricate aromatics. 
A harmoniously composed anaerobically processed Colombia, subtly original, satisfyingly complex.
A lyrically fruit-toned washed Geisha with intricate balance and deep, intriguing complexity.
An engaging, quite original natural-processed Guatemala Geisha cup — lyrically sweet, invitingly tart, playfully enigmatic.
A multi-layered, tropical-fruit toned cup processed by the honey method — deep, rich, delicate, engaging.
A beautifully composed Gesha peaberry grown in Tanzania, with brambly berry notes, spice-toned florals, and sweet herb notes throughout.
A berry- and citrus-driven natural-processed Colombia Gesha with a deep cocoa nib backbone and pretty florals on top.
A delicately perfumed, citrusy washed-process cup with an elegant floral throughline. 
A fruit-toned wash-processed Guatemala Geisha with pretty floral and deep chocolate notes enveloping a berry throughline.
A low-key anaerobically processed Yirgacheffe cup with bittersweet floral notes and a hint of lime zest.
A juicy-sweet, richly aromatic coffee from the rare Mocca variety of Arabica with notes of citrus fruit and florals throughout.
We’ve said it before: This coffee emerges on our cupping table each year with consistent sensory success. This year’s version is lushly floral with elegant cocoa notes and a hint of citrus.
A deeply sweet natural-processed Ethiopia coffee with magnolia-like floral notes and an undercurrent of stone fruit and myrrh.
Richly aromatic, deeply sweet, boldly savory, and very satisfying.
A crisp, richly full-bodied Bolivia cup with soft acidity and pleasing chocolate notes throughout.
An engaging natural-processed Ethiopia cup with tart fruit and spice-toned flowers.
A sweet, delicately nut-toned honey-processed Honduras cup.
A crisp, fruit-forward natural-processed Ethiopia roasted for espresso, with notes of dried stone fruit, dark chocolate, and sweet-toned florals.
A carbonic macerated coffee that meanders pleasingly through notes of candy-like sweetness and spicy florals, atop a base of sweet herbs and cocoa nib.
Focused, elegant, high-toned, juicy: a complex, integrated, tropical fruit- and floral-toned single variety natural-processed Ethiopia cup.
A crisp, balanced honey-processed Costa Rica cup with candy-like sweetness and rich aromatic wood notes.
A chocolate-driven, gently fruit-toned espresso blend, pleasingly tart in both straight shot and milk.
A richly sweet, nut-toned house blend with a narcissus throughline and especially inviting, creamy-smooth mouthfeel.
A quiet, gently sweet, very crisp black-honey processed Costa Rica cup.
A complex, multi-layered, deep-toned holiday blend with sweet spice and floral suggestions, supported by rich chocolate throughout.
An opulent rendition of the rare Mokkita variety of Arabica, both sophisticated and a bit wild, with layer upon layer of tropical fruit notes ensconced in florals and chocolate — an extraordinary sensory journey.
A deep, richly aromatic, lyrically sweet-tart Ethiopia anaerobic cup with a hint of elegant sweet ferment akin to hot buttered rum.
A pretty washed Panama Gesha cup evokes tropical flowers and ripe stone fruit, with lyrically bright, balanced acidity.
A delicately complex Ka’u cup comprised of three big-beaned varieties of Arabica, mainly the rare Maragogipe — rich-toned, sweetly savory with tropical fruit notes.
A rich-toned, multi-layered red honey from Costa Rica: bright, deep, juicy, high-toned.
An elegant, balanced, classic washed Ethiopia cup that encourages meditation on its paradoxes: both juicy and deep, spicy and sweet, complex and inviting.
This sweet-toned holiday blend nails the winter theme with notes of dark chocolate, sweet citrus and baking spices.
A multi-layered floral-toned Ethiopia cup redolent with stone fruit, dark chocolate and a hint of sweet citrus zest.
A deep, inviting natural-processed Panama Geisha cup with rich chocolate and dried berry notes and a floral throughline.
A distinctively composed fruit- and flower-bomb with an umami undercurrent.
A vibrant natural-processed Geisha that leads with tropical fruit and sweet-spicy floral notes layered with wild honey and creamy macadamia nut and earthy
A subtly nuanced coffee centered around notes of stone fruit, cocoa nib, and resinous aromatic wood with a levitatingly silky mouthfeel.
An intriguing washed anaerobic cup from the Philippines, reflecting a growing specialty coffee trend in that country. Complex, juicy, tropical.
An easygoing light-roasted natural-processed Ethiopia with especially lively acidity.
A chocolaty, fruity, floral-toned Kona espresso, deftly roasted to medium-light to bring out both depth and levity.
A clean natural-processed Ethiopia cup centered around citrus and cocoa notes with a backdrop of spicy florals.
A berry- and aromatic wood-framed natural-processed Ethiopia cup, sweet and gently inviting.
A deeply sweet, gently tart washed Ethiopia cup with nicely integrated aromatic wood notes.
Produced by women farmers. A balanced, richly nut-toned Guatemala cup — sweet, deep, friendly, affordable.
A crisp, delicate Ethiopia anaerobic honey coffee, sweetly nut-toned.
A single-variety Guatemala espresso, pleasingly fruit-forward in the straight shot, rich-toned and chocolaty in three parts milk.
A richly nutty and chocolaty Guatemala cup from the big-beaned Maracaturra variety of Arabica.
A multi-layered Guatemala cup poised between floral and nut impulses.
A balanced, floral-toned Kenya cup with an especially plush mouthfeel.
A rich, floral-driven cup with pleasing stone fruit and cocoa notes. Harmonious and integrated.
A richly nutty Guatemala cup with notes of dried fruit and a hint of spice-toned florals.
A friendly blend of Bourbon and Geisha varieties from Guatemala that nets an accessible, familiar cup.
A sweet, chocolaty, earthy Guatemala cup with a roast profile on the darkish end of medium.
A straightforward Guatemala cup with inviting cocoa notes, deep fruit and gently sweet florals.
A cocoa-toned, citrusy, sweetly herbaceous washed Guatemala cup.
A robust, bittersweet cup, nut-toned and gently fruity.
A darkish medium version of a classic Guatemala cup: sweet, balanced, gently nut-toned.
A levitatingly aromatic coffee that evokes the tropics: delicate, complex, rich, harmonious.
A graceful, harmonious washed Ethiopia cup with spicy floral notes throughout, supported by citrus and cocoa.
A juicy, high-toned washed-process Ethiopia cup with a particularly pleasing acidity. Sweetly spice-toned floral notes throughout.
A classic Kenya with deep fruit and florals, supported by a juicy sweet-savory structure.
A natural-processed Ethiopia cup driven by tropical fruit and floral tones, with a throughline of cocoa nib.
A complex, multi-layered natural-processed Gesha from Ethiopia: juicy, floral, cocoa-toned, balanced.
A superb single-origin espresso. Floral- and spice-toned in the straight shot, fruit-toned in cappuccino-scaled milk, with tremendous depth and range throughout.
A very fruit-forward cup, and intentionally so; also delicious served cold.
A classic Kenya cup with a grounding umami throughline suggesting ripe, juicy tomato, with undertones of black currant and crisp chocolate.
An easygoing, confident washed Ethiopia cup animated by an appealing sweet herbaceousness.
An intoxicatingly aromatic Hawai’i Red Bourbon processed by an experimental method that results in a balanced, juicy cup.
A cocoa-toned natural-processed Ethiopia cup, deeply fruity and sweetly herbaceous.
A friendly, balanced Ethiopia cup with pretty citrus and cocoa notes throughout.
A straightforward, accessible Colombia cup: sweet-toned, with crisp chocolate and nut framed by rich aromatic wood.
A delicately fruit-centered espresso blend with a pleasing dark chocolate throughline.
A rich-toned natural-processed Costa Rica cup centered on spicy flowers, sweet citrus, and nut.
A lovely washed Colombia Geisha that’s equal parts high-toned and deep: juicy, bright, rich, floral.
A gently tart, richly floral Panama Geisha cup processed by an experimental method that results in a restrained fruit-forward, floral-toned cup. 
A bright, citrus-driven cup with ballast from notes of cocoa nib and sweet mint and nut impulses.
A spice-toned, crisply sweet-tart, classic Yemen cup.
A plush, richly sweet, multi-layered Guatemala Maracaturra offering both depth and levity.
An impressive representation of the Geisha variety grown in Guatemala: delicate, floral, subtly layered.
A fruit-driven, resonant Costa Rica cup processed by an experimental method that results in an appealing savory-leaning cup — think dried mango and saltwater taffy.
A surprisingly lush Kenya cup with leading notes of dark stone fruit and a rich chocolate throughline.
A multi-layered, nuanced Yemen with an engaging sweet ferment at its center, supported by fruit and earthy tobacco impulses throughout.
A juicy, deep-toned Kenya cup with especially lively acidity and lasting flavor-laden finish.
A savory-leaning, berry-toned anaerobic natural Colombia cup, nuanced and deep.
A comfortingly familiar washed Ethiopia cup: juicy-bright with leading notes of stone fruit and cocoa nib.
A deeply fruit-toned honey-processed Ethiopia cup with leading notes of berries and spice-toned florals.
An interesting coffee story of heirloom Ethiopia varieties of Arabica grown in Panama — floral, spice-toned, richly sweet.
An intentionally fermenty, deep-toned Ethiopia Geisha with rich chocolate notes and a whiff of whisky barrel.
A resonant, uniquely composed, savory-sweet, fruit-laden anaerobic natural Ethiopia cup.
A blend of two Ethiopia coffees by the same producer, a natural and a carbonic-macerated. Pleasingly floral-toned with notes of citrus zest and crisp walnut.
A friendly blend with leading notes of crisp chocolate and dried fruit notes.
A Costa Rica coffee processed by an experimental method that results in an inviting cup evocative of baking spices.
Tartly fruit-forward in the straight shot, richly floral in milk, and chocolaty in both formats.
A pleasing espresso shot at both the high and low ends of the tonal spectrum, with bright fruit, deep chocolate, and sweetly savory herb.
A straight-ahead, satisfyingly chocolate-driven espresso blend.
A classic washed Ethiopia cup with leading notes of stone fruit and cocoa nib supported by a floral throughline.
A confidently darker-roasted single-origin Kona cup, sweet and chocolaty.
An espresso blend particularly appealing in three parts milk, with sweet floral, rich chocolate, and deep nut tones. 
This solid blend offers a richly sweet-tart straight shot and a crisply chocolaty cappuccino.
A natural-processed Colombia Geisha; evokes a tropical fruit farm. Mango is the throughline, with ballast from cocoa nib and sandalwood. 
A cleanly fruit-toned natural-processed El Salvador cup — juicy, bright, berry-driven.
A classic island cup: nutty-sweet with gentle acidity. 
Almost dessert-like in its sweetness, this anaerobically processed Caturra exhibits candy-like aromas and flavors with a savory edge.
A friendly, accessible Bolivia cup, the proceeds of which helps farmers transition from the dangers of coca farming to coffee growing.
A lush, umami-toned fruit bomb of a blend that shakes up any notion of an everyday coffee and may particularly appeal to open-minded fans of the latest experimental processing methods.
An attractive natural-processed Guatemala cup with deep-toned fruit, nut, and sweet citrus notes; especially engaging mouthfeel.
An exciting PNG cup with a grand aromatic range: bright fruit, sweet toffee, spicy florals, earthy depth.
A poetically complex Ethiopia natural cup, uniquely composed with spicy florals, deep fruit, and decadent musk notes.
A chocolaty, nutty, deeply sweet Uganda cup with a particularly full, plush mouthfeel.
A nuanced, multi-layered natural-processed Ethiopia cup, elegantly fruit-forward and intricately balanced.
A triangle of sweet, tart and savory impulses in luxurious harmony.
Dried stone fruit and floral tones carry this fascinating coffee — a traditional Kenya variety grown in Costa Rica and processed experimentally.
A delicately aromatic washed Guji cup framed by citrus and sweet herb with a cocoa throughline.
A friendly, familiar cup with a cocoa throughline and sweet nut, floral and fruit tones.
A harmonious, fruit- and floral-toned natural-processed Ethiopia Gesha redolent of stone fruit and its flowers.
A complex, multifarious cup that engages at both the upper and lower ends of the tonal range.
A harmonious blend with chocolate and nut anchors and pleasingly bright fruit and spicy floral complications.
A rich-toned, gently fermenty Costa Rica cup processed by a variation of the honey method: sweet, fruity, chocolaty, enticing.
A vibrant natural-processed Ethiopia cup with dried berry notes, bittersweet florals, and a throughline of crisp cocoa nib.
A richly aromatic, even perfumy, washed Sidama cup, with distinct notes of bergamot, plum, and spice-toned florals suggesting star jasmine.
A lush, fruity natural-processed Colombia cup with an especially mouth-
Evocative of walking into an American bakery with its notes of nutmeg and clove, this Costa Rica coffee was processed by an innovative “thermic” method.
Evocative of a summer fruit pie, this blend of coffees from Africa is nuanced and complex, and a superb value, to boot.
A floral-driven, crisply cocoa-toned espresso blend with tart fruit and rich aromatic wood undertones.
A very sweet, richly nutty espresso blend pleasingly complicated by crisp apple and deep floral aromas and flavors.
A classic Moka Java blend that evokes the depth of aroma and flavor of a high-end whiskey: fruity, earthy, decadent.
A chocolaty, sweetly herbaceous cup with an umami throughline — complex, nuanced, confident.
A deftly darker roasted blend intended to honor the Mayan cultures central to the three green coffee origin countries contributing to the blend. 
A familiar, comforting blend with leading notes of dark caramel, rich nut tones, and pretty florals — a classic daily drinker.
Designed to work equally well as pourover or espresso, this blend has deep sweetness, balanced fruit and florals, and undercurrents of baking spices throughout.
A compelling blend of coffees from Colombia (washed) and Ethiopia (natural) that nets a crisply chocolaty, fruit-forward cup.
A straight-ahead, balanced and inviting blend of a washed Guatemala and a natural Ethiopia intended for both drip and espresso formats.
A chocolaty, fruit-leaning blend with a spicy floral undercurrent.
A inviting medium-dark blend with a roast profile that particularly develops the pleasing chocolate tendencies of the green coffees.
A complex, nuanced Kenya cup with layers of tart fruit, spice-toned florals and cocoa notes throughout; especially lively acidity.
A crisp, cocoa-toned Kona cup with undertones of pretty dried fruit, floral and nut.
A classic washed Guatemala cup with notes of stone fruit, sweet nut, chocolate and spicy flowers.
A balanced, vibrant, chocolaty and floral-toned Ethiopia-Guatemala blend.
A balanced and integrated washed Honduras cup with deep floral notes throughout, supported by citrus and cocoa.
A sweet-toned, fruit-forward natural-processed Ethiopia cup with delicate florals and perfumy resin notes throughout.
A chocolaty, confidently savory, classic Sumatra wet-hulled cup.
A sweet, nut-toned Honduras natural cup with stone fruit notes throughout and especially juicy acidity.
A complex, fruit-centered Guji cup with richly sweet floral and deep citrus and nut tones.
Deep, floral and fruit-driven, with notes of dried stone fruit, spice-toned flowers, and rich cocoa.
An appealing washed Panama cup with richly spice-toned florals and citrus zest as throughlines.
A crisp, cleanly fruit-toned Ethiopia natural cup.
A solid single-origin Guatemala espresso, balanced and bright. Particularly chocolaty in cappuccino-scaled milk.
A nuanced, balanced washed Ethiopia cup with deep tropical fruit, cocoa, and spicy floral notes.
A chocolaty, fruit-forward cup with undertones of rich florals and deep aromatic wood.
An affordable and intriguing blend that is simultaneously sweet and earth-toned. Particularly rich in cappuccino-scaled milk.
A rich, crisply chocolaty Sumatra cup laced with sweet-spicy flowers.
A friendly, accessible natural-processed Ethiopia cup: crisply sweet, deeply chocolaty, with hints of spicy florals throughout.
A regular, much-anticipated Hula Daddy offering, this year’s Karen J Red Bourbon is lush, deep, balanced, and refined with aromatic intrigue that plays out beautifully on the palate.
A rich-toned, floral and chocolaty Pacamara cup with ballast from notes of bittersweet citrus zest.
Paradoxically delicate and deep, this El Salvador anaerobic natural offers dried stone fruit notes at the top and sweet herb notes underneath for a wide range of sensory pleasure.
A classic Colombia cup: bright, balanced, chocolaty and richly nutty.
An aromatically nuanced Colombia cup, deep-toned and complex, processed by an experimental method.
 An intoxicatingly spice-toned cup — warming, resonant, rich.
An impressively balanced, bright Nicaragua cup with sweet herb undertones.
A very appealing and affordable espresso blend animated by rich floral, chocolate and nut tones. Especially vibrant in cappuccino-scaled milk.
A balanced, deep-toned, fruit-forward Ethiopia espresso.
An easygoing espresso blend with a chocolate throughline and crisp nut and warm spice tones.
A complex, nuanced, multi-layered El Salvador Pacamara cup, equal parts sweet and savory.
A complex, deep-toned, floral Tanzania cup, at a very attractive price.
A tropical-leaning natural-processed Ethiopia cup driven by high-toned fruit and deep floral tones, with a cocoa nib throughline.
A flavor-saturated, confident Guatemala Pacamara cup, chocolaty and rich.
An exquisitely structured Colombia Sidra cup processed by an experimental method that highlights notes of rich fruit and sweet whiskey.
This double-anaerobic Colombia Geisha has a remarkable and surprising cup profile that is, at turns, fruity and floral, tart yet singingly sweet. 
 A nuanced Kona Pacamara cup with deep-toned stone fruit, dark chocolate and sweet floral notes and an umami undercurrent suggesting candycap mushroom.
An inviting, complex, unusual cup with notes of tropical fruit, spicy flowers and rich aromatic wood.
An experimentally processed Red Catuai grown on Hawai’i Island and processed with beer yeast, promoting a uniquely brisk and complex cup.
A confident expression of the Yellow Pacas variety of Arabica, richly sweet with notes of stone fruit complicated by a hint of coriander-like spice.
An elegant, rich, deep-toned Ecuador cup driven by floral and spice notes, with an especially bright, balanced acidity.
An inviting, straightforward Kona Gesha cup, balanced and bright, with pleasing suggestions of tart fruit and spicy florals.
An easy-drinking medium-roasted Hawaiian Gesha cup, deep and chocolaty.
Sturdy, chocolaty, smooth, rich — also makes a good espresso shot.
A wide-ranging, deeply nuanced Sumatra cup — complex, enigmatic, floral, chocolaty, tropical.
A balanced, satisfying Honduras cup produced in partnership with Catracha Coffee, a profit-sharing export and development organization focused on improving the coffees and livelihood of farmers in the community of Santa Elena.
A nuanced, multi-layered, richly aromatic Sumatra cup characterized by notes of baking spices and citrus zest — and a serious bargain as well.
A balanced, high-toned espresso blend animated by notes of dried fruit, sweet herbs and rich dark chocolate.
A friendly, accessible, richly chocolate-driven espresso blend with nut and rich aromatic wood notes throughout.
A floral-driven, spice-toned washed Ethiopia cup with rich aromatic wood notes.
A gorgeous rendition of the Sidra variety of Arabica from Colombia: complex, lyrical, nuanced, deep.
A deep, enticing natural-processed Ethiopia cup with crisp and dried berry notes and sweet florals throughout.
A pungent, multi-layered anaerobically processed Ethiopia cup offering a particularly wide range of aroma and flavor notes.
An harmonious, inviting washed Ethiopia cup in which fruit, flowers and chocolate gracefully commingle.
An engagingly vibrant, deeply sweet, richly tart and chocolaty natural-processed Ethiopia.
An elegant stone fruit-driven washed Sidama cup with leading notes of nectarine and citrus and a cocoa-toned throughline.
An unusual natural-processed Sumatra cup, redolent with stone fruit and baking chocolate with umami underpinning.
Red fruit and crisp cocoa notes characterize this deeply aromatic, richly complex, classic Kenya cup.
Spicy florals, crisply sweet nut tones, and distinct berry notes dominate in this inviting natural-processed Honduras cup.
An experimentally processed Honduras with a complex cup that includes notes reminiscent of Sweet-Tarts candy.
A strangely compelling anaerobic Kenya cup that takes both savory and sweet impulses to their extremes, and somehow manages to integrate them. 
An integrated, classic DR Congo cup with especially high-toned, balanced acidity.
A harmonious, intricate Ecuador cup with leading notes of stone fruit, sage, almond and rich aromatic wood.
A pretty, delicate, confident honey-processed Colombia animated by both stone fruit and tropical fruit notes throughout.
A balanced, harmonious Costa Rica cup driven by notes of stone fruit, spicy florals, and richly sweet nut tones.
A uniquely composed, experimentally processed cup that’s well worth a detour to enjoy a brilliant tweak on the familiar Kona profile, with especially vibrant acidity.
A caramelly and citrus-driven Peru cup complicated by pleasing sweet nut and floral tones.
An engaging, multi-layered, quietly confident Guatemala cup.
A deftly darker-roasted Geisha cup with distinct notes of chocolate fudge throughout, supported by creamy nut and sweetly spicy flowers.
An odd though compelling Peru Geisha cup, wide-ranging and original in its flavor and aromatic nuance yet complete and integrated.
Here a darker roast amplifies the intricate resonance of Hula Daddy’s rare Pointu Laurina, a naturally low-caffeine bean that sacrifices nothing in flavor. 
A complex, multi-layered Ecuador cup, with distinct floral and chocolate tones and an enticing whiff of smoked almond. A splash of cream can make this coffee exhilaratingly dessert-like.
An intriguing aged Sumatra, deftly roasted to bring out musky spice notes, pipe tobacco and dark chocolate.
A deceptively nuanced, enigmatic Sumatra cup with enticing aromatics that lean toward a sweet earthiness.
This Ka’u Typica strikes a lovely balance between the depth of a classic dark roast and the levity of a fruit- and floral-driven, medium-roasted Typica cup.
A classic darker-roasted Sumatra cup — sweetly earth-toned, richly chocolaty, deep.
A roast-rounded, complex Kenya cup with classic currant and crisp chocolate notes and an especially vibrant acidity, particularly given the darker roast. 
A fine Kenya roasted in Peet’s classic dark style, which here encourages surprising depth while retaining the crisp coherence of the classic Kenya profile.
Unabashedly smoky with chocolaty depth, this Peru/Honduras/Mexico blend offers comfortingly classic dark-roast aromas and flavors.
An earth-toned Sumatra cup with subdued acidity, gently dry cocoa notes, and rich aromatic wood suggestions.
The popular Peet’s blend, here roast-prominent and sweetly wood-framed, with undertones of cocoa powder.
This blend retains its popularity, despite what reads here as a flat, bitterish cup, with only some backgrounded sweetness and nuance.
A dreamy but bright, fruit-toned Peru Gesha — tropics in a cup.
A complex, intriguing coffee from Alishan, a region in Taiwan famous for its tea production. Honeyed berry and spicy flowers predominate.
A fruit-forward, natural-processed Guji cup with a hint of sweet ferment and deep nut and cocoa undertones.
A balanced, friendly, cleanly natural processed Colombia cup with sweet throughlines of chocolate and honey.
A beautiful classic washed Ethiopia cup with complex citrus, delicately deep floral, and sweet herb notes.
A deep-toned Ethiopia natural: cleanly fruity, richly chocolaty, juicy-sweet.
An unusual coffee in almost every respect: From trees of three Bourbon-related varieties of Arabica grown on the Hawaiian island of Oahu and dried in the fruit after a yeast-inoculated ferment, culminating in an original, complex cup. 
A woman-farmed Peru, lush, floral and deep-toned in the cup.
A sweetly herbaceous Colombia natural cup that gets ballast from bright fruit notes at the top and deep cocoa underneath — subtly juicy and savory.
A brightly sweet Oaxaca cup, chocolaty, tart and floral-toned.
A tartly and cleanly fruit-toned natural-processed Ethiopia cup with rich nut and chocolate complications.
A very pretty Peru cup with especially full mouthfeel and crisp notes of chocolate and stone fruit.
A women-farmed Mexico cup that’s deftly darker-roasted, with notes of chocolate fudge and Fig Newton.
A floral-toned anaerobic Costa Rica cup with warming spices — clove, cinnamon, nutmeg — throughout.
An engaging, confident Rwanda cup: crisply chocolaty, delicately floral, citrus-driven.
A friendly, balanced Guatemala cup with rich, sweet nut tones and crisp, citrusy herb.
A classic Kenya cup with notes of sweet fruit and spicy florals, along with a rich toffee throughline.
A sweet-savory cup with stone fruit and chocolate in front and background notes of fresh goat cheese.
A berry-driven, citrus-toned anaerobic natural Costa Rica, complex and multi-layered.
A beautifully structured, floral-toned Ecuador cup with elegantly bright acidity and lyrically plush mouthfeel.
A top-notch Sulawesi cup with a sweet-herb throughline, rich chocolate, crisp herb, and balanced fruit and floral notes, with a long, lingering finish.
A playful, aptly named blend of washed-process coffees from two different Ka‘ū farms, fermented with several yeast strains and redolent of tropical fruit and cocoa nib. 
A deftly roasted darker Kenya espresso with classic sweet (black cherry, chocolate fudge) and savory (hop flowers) notes — deep, rich and inviting.
A solid DR Congo cup with notes of stone fruit, florals, cocoa nib, nuts, and sweet herbs.
A balanced, appealing Kenya cup: deep-toned, richly savory, and thoroughly chocolaty.
A classic natural-processed Sidama cup: balanced, fruit-focused, cocoa-toned and richly sweet.
An imminently welcoming PNG cup, classic in its profile, with leading notes of caramel and bittersweet citrus.
A pretty natural-processed Rwanda cup, fruit-forward and nutty with floral undertones.
 A solid house blend from Madison’s JBC Coffee Roasters — balanced, affordable, pleasingly familiar.
A complex, multi-layered Kona SL34 cup processed by an experimental method designed to intensify aromas and flavors — juicy, bright, harmonious, richly sweet.
An impressive, intensely aromatic Yemen cup with both sweet and tart fruit notes and an integrated aromatic wood throughline that result in a lively, integrated cup profile.
A uniquely composed, experimentally processed Ka‘ū cup, produced in very small quantities and worth seeking out.
A Sumatra cup that’s atypical in its processing method (conventionally washed rather than washed and wet-hulled like traditional Sumatras) and almost Kenya-like in its sweet-savory balance.
A uniquely composed, double-anaerobic washed Colombia cup that’s flavor-saturated and harmoniously sweet-tart-savory — unusual and inviting.
An integrated, cleanly natural-processed Ethiopia cup, fruit-driven, with an especially rich, creamy mouthfeel.
Juicy, tart and chocolaty in both the straight shot and in milk — balanced, vibrant, compellingly harmonious.
A rich-toned natural Yirgacheffe cup with an invitingly savory-leaning structure and especially viscous mouthfeel.
A resonant black honey-processed Costa Rica cup with intense berry and dark chocolate notes and an intriguing hint of oaky wine.
A delicately high-toned, crisply sweet-tart washed Yirgacheffe cup with a floral throughline.
A balanced, resonant Guatemala cup animated by inviting floral, chocolate, and dried fruit notes.
A confident, complex Rwanda cup with rich fruit, deep chocolate, and spicy floral notes.
A balanced, inviting women-farmed Guatemala cup.
A lively, juicy-bright natural-processed Costa Rica cup with inviting fruit and floral notes throughout.
 A savory, richly Kenya cup with appealing floral notes and a bright sweetness supported by deep aromatic wood impulses.
Delicately sweet-tart, deeply aromatic. Baking chocolate, apricot, grapefruit zest, hazelnut butter, rhododendron in aroma and cup. Sweet-tart structure with brisk acidity; full, satiny mouthfeel. The nut-toned finish is lifted by rhododendron-like florals.
A friendly, easygoing Rwanda cup, cleanly natural processed, with deep fruit, floral, and nut tones.
A fruit and flower medley, this honey-processed Ethiopia cup is berry-toned with a richly floral throughline and supporting notes of dark chocolate. 
A gorgeous stunner of a classic Yemen cup: fruit-laden, floral and sweetly herbaceous — a heady coffee, both aromatically and on the palate.
A plush, sweet-toned, experimentally processed natural Brazil cup with a pleasing suggestion of grappa-like spirits.
A friendly, crisply sweet, anaerobic natural Brazil cup with a particularly expansive, fruit-toned aroma.
A quietly transcendent Brazil natural cup, harmonious and integrated.
A vibrant, juicy, floral- and citrus-toned cup with complicating sweet herb undertones.
A quietly confident Brazil cup redolent of caramel apple, framed in fragrant aromatic wood notes suggesting cedar.
A quietly confident anaerobic natural Brazil cup, chocolaty, deep, floral, fruit-toned.
Classic Brazil: richly sweet, deeply nut-toned, chocolate-edged.
Delicate cocoa, crisp orange, and a fine, satiny mouthfeel distinguish this quietly original Brazil.
A deep-toned, fruit-driven honey-processed Costa Rica cup with an especially inviting aftertaste and a whisper of appealing whiskey barrel-like ferment.
A spice-toned, richly aromatic, floral-driven Peru Geisha cup that evokes a tropical garden — the cup’s flavor notes are especially balanced and exciting.
A pretty, quietly confident washed Ethiopia cup that foregrounds notes of wild berries and spicy florals — elegant, exciting and inviting.
A deeply satisfying, savory-sweet Colombia anaerobic with wide-ranging aromatics and dried fruit and warming spices on the palate.
A focused, complex Colombia Pink Bourbon with top notes of wild berry and cocoa nib and a throughline of spicy-sweet florals and citrus zest.
A balanced, rich-toned, darker roasted coffee from smallholding farmers in The Philippines — chocolaty, floral, and driven by notes of baking spices.
A classic washed Colombia cup with crisp stonefruit notes, balanced acidity, a richly sweet structure.
A nuanced, multi-layered Ecuador cup that’s paradoxically both bright and deep.
A fine cup from the Malaysian state of Sabah, which occupies part of the island of Borneo: sweet, spice-toned; original and rare.
 A friendly, gently fruit- and floral-driven washed Ethiopia cup.
A quietly inviting natural-processed Ethiopia cup with tart fruit and distinct aromatic wood notes.
A deeply sweet, nutty espresso blend redolent of almond brittle supported, both in the straight shot and in milk, by spicy floral notes.
A friendly, accessible espresso blend with tart fruit and dark chocolate notes. Especially attractive in cappuccino format.
A high-toned, spice-driven, very floral Peru Gesha cup. A good value for this impressive, rare, usually expensive coffee variety. 
An integrated, sensorially diverse experimental Ecuador cup characterized by savory floral notes, unabashed fruit, and exciting aromatics.
An easygoing, approachable natural-processed Colombia cup with a sweetly tart cup profile complicated by hints of cocoa nib and spicy florals.
A balanced, crisply sweet decaffeinated Colombia cup with an especially plush mouthfeel.
A resonant Nicaragua natural cup with a throughline of grape candy and chocolate fudge.
A fine Colombia cup — sweet-toned with lively citrus and baking spice notes — by a collective that supports emerging farmers.
An inviting, harmoniously complex, multi-layered natural Geisha cup with particularly deep, vibrant aromatics. 
A multi-layered washed Colombia cup with leading notes of dark chocolate and blackberry — intensely aromatic, balanced, deep.
This natural-processed, single-variety Ethiopia, roasted for espresso, offers a tart-leaning, juicy straight shot and a chocolaty and richly wood-framed cappuccino.
A juicy Kenya cup with deep fruit and florals, supported by a confident sweet-savory structure.
Integrated, balanced, deeply rich, this single-origin Kenya espresso is juicy and bright in the straight shot while impressively chocolaty and floral in milk.
An elegantly powerful, classically composed Kenya cup with rich aromatics and a range of lively fruit, flowers and chocolate on the palate.
A spice-toned, floral-driven natural-processed Ethiopia cup with bright fruit notes and juicy acidity.
An engaging, cleanly natural-processed single-variety Ethiopia cup: bright, chocolaty, floral and fruity. 
A complex, nuanced washed Ethiopia cup alive with spice-toned florals, richly bittersweet citrus, and distinct cocoa.
A friendly, accessible, balanced cup: richly cocoa-toned with crisp fruit and lush mouthfeel.
A richly chocolaty, deeply aromatic, spice-toned espresso blend that’s equally exciting in straight shot and in milk.
A confident, fruit-forward, cocoa-toned Ethiopia natural cup with an impressively smooth mouthfeel.
A cleanly fruit-forward, invitingly floral Costa Rica cup processed by the black honey method.
A quietly complex espresso, more a crescendo than a jolt in its easy going but confident profile.
A strikingly composed Ethiopia anaerobic natural. Experimental processing seems to encourage a complex savory structure that pleasingly supports the up-front fruit.
An unusual espresso profile, this anaerobic Colombia is fruit-forward with spicy floral and deep chocolate notes, especially inviting in the plush, tartly savory straight shot.
A fruit-forward Colombia, satiating in its herbaceous, savory depth and fruity lift, which play in harmony both in the straight shot and in cappuccino format.
Designed for milk drinks, this very sweet, very rich-toned experimentally processed Colombia coffee is for fans of caramelly, nutty profiles with intentional wine-like ferment.
An elegant, bright, balanced Pacas natural espresso that is as compelling in the straight shot as it is in milk. A unique Honduras profile.
A darker-roasted natural-processed blend of three Ethiopian coffees roasted for espresso. This blend is even more floral than fruity, and that’s saying something, given that it is very fruity!
This is a vertical coffee, from a launchpad of dark chocolate notes straight up through candy-like fruit and heady florals — call it a contemplative’s desert-island espresso.
A strikingly composed natural-processed single-origin espresso with high-toned fruit, spicy-sweet florals, deep chocolate notes, and a pleasing herbaceous throughline.
A Kona on steroids: Hula Daddy is just beginning to roast for espresso applications, and this natural Kona, grown on the company’s higher-altitude farm, impressively captures the classic potential of Kona Typica in espresso format.
A sweetly fermenty fruit bomb with both vibrantly bright and savory-deep impulses, juicy and complex.
A dynamic, exhilarating Panama Gesha driven by flowers and big, balanced fruit throughout.
A Kona from the admired SL34 variety processed by a proprietary method that promotes a distinctly rich, juicy, fruit-driven cup.
A fine, classic washed Ethiopia Yirgacheffe cup: high-toned, driven by sweet florals and stone fruit.
A sweetly spice-driven cup with warm notes of baking spices and both bright and dark fruits.
A deeply pleasing Tanzania cup, multi-layered and complete — richly sweet, deeply savory, spice-toned and floral.
A harmonious, integrated natural-processed Costa Rica cup: juicy, deep-toned and fruit-driven.
A sweet, fruit-first natural-processed Ethiopia cup with a blueberry and chocolate throughline.
A complex, nuanced Colombia Gesha cup processed by an elaborate variation on the traditional washed method.
A classic Kenya cup: deeply sweet, richly savory, balanced and juicy-bright with both sweet (narcissus) and spicy (lavender) floral impulses.
A deeply aromatic Philippines cup evoking tropical fruit and rich cocoa.
An attractive anaerobically processed Philppines cup with an especially viscous, syrupy mouthfeel.
A pretty Costa Rica Geisha processed by the honey method. Floral-driven with ballast from cocoa notes.
A friendly washed Ethiopia cup with notes of pear and crisp chocolate as throughlines.
A paradoxically bright yet deep honey-processed Costa Rica cup with a sweet herb throughline.
A focused but lush cup from trees of a rare indigenous Ethiopian landrace variety grown in Colombia called Aji — tropical-leaning with a cocoa backbone. 
A solid, medium-roasted Costa Rica/Sumatra blend that offers deep earthy sweetness juxtaposed with crisp fruit.
A floral-toned, chocolaty, and very affordable Panama cup with particularly vibrant acidity.
An interesting, rare natural-processed Zambia coffee, worth seeking out for its unique cup profile and leading notes of dried fruit and resinous amber.
A solid decaffeinated Mexico coffee, processed without harsh solvents, that preserves pleasing chocolate and florals in the cup.
A sweet-toned darker-roasted blend with notes of dark chocolate and spicy florals, complicated by hints of gently scorched, smoky cedar.
A balanced, floral-toned Kenya cup with distinct notes of black currant, a pleasing savory fruit attribute often associated with classic Kenya coffees.
A fine Honduras cup, richly nut-toned with a butterscotch throughline and a plush mouthfeel. 
Produced by a farm known for its pioneering work in the honey methods of processing green coffee, this classic version of the type offers a focused sweetness, dried fruit notes and pretty florals.
A richly fruit-toned natural-processed Ethiopia cup with a tropical throughline and particularly juicy acidity.
A deeply fruit-toned Ethiopia natural cup with richly tart undertones and a plush, viscous mouthfeel.
A berry-toned, richly chocolaty anaerobic honey cup from Colombia — almost dessert-like in its sweetness.
A balanced, delicately fruit-driven Costa Rica Gesha supported by rich cocoa nib and sweet, citrusy herb.
A vibrantly satisfying blend with leading notes of caramel and bittersweet citrus and especially lively acidity. 
An inviting blend with leading notes of cocoa and dried fruit, with undertones of citrus zest and rich aromatic wood.
A straight-ahead blend of three washed-process coffees, crisply chocolaty and delicately floral-toned.
An aromatically intense, deep-toned Panama coffee with focused fruit, floral and sweet herb notes.
A harmonious, very satisfying washed Panama cup, classic in its delicate balance of stone fruit, cocoa nib and spicy florals.
One of the world’s most distinguished Geisha-variety coffees offered in Nespresso-compatible format — bright, floral, rich, deep.
An appealingly oddball anaerobic coffee from Costa Rica with umami depth, zingy acidity and an eccentric, unconventional flavor profile. 
An unusual Costa Rica espresso, anaerobically processed with the addition of pineapple and cinnamon during fermentation, resulting in an amped-up fruit-and-spice dominated shot.
A friendly, easy-access blend driven by notes of pear, almond and citrus zest, with undertones of sweet florals and aromatic wood.
A washed Burundi processed with the addition of a yeast designed to intensify the green coffee’s inherent sensory properties. Especially balanced acidity and resonant finish.
An invitingly bittersweet Colombia Pink Bourbon processed by the anaerobic natural method: chocolaty and citrusy with floral undertones.
A friendly, accessible washed Burundi cup; crisply chocolaty and nut-toned throughout.
A compelling berry- and chocolate-driven Ecuador cup with juicy acidity and a plush mouthfeel.
A multi-layered espresso blend with tart fruit, deeply sweet flowers, and rich chocolate notes throughout.
A uniquely composed anaerobically processed coffee with sweet-tart-savory impulses in balanced harmony. 
A pretty honey-processed Costa Rica cup with distinct berry notes and lush florals.
A solid medium-roasted espresso blend with floral top notes and rich chocolate bottom notes in both straight shot and milk.
An intricately, almost mysteriously nuanced coffee with bittersweet citrus and florals in front and ballast from crisp cocoa nib and rich aromatic wood.
A richly chocolaty, fruit-forward, spice-toned natural-processed Taiwan Alishan cup.
Although described as a blend, this is a solid single-origin espresso from Peru, roasted to medium-dark to emphasize notes of chocolate and caramel.
A friendly, straightforward Brazil cup, sweetly nut-toned with support from citrus and floral notes.
An anaerobic natural from the Big Island of Hawai’i that evokes the tropics with its rich fruit and floral tendencies — the bright, juicy acidity is a bonus. 
A complex, enticingly subtle washed Ethiopia cup laden with spicy floral, sweet stone fruit, and rich cocoa notes.
A deeply aromatic, chocolate-toned washed Colombia cup from the rare Chiroso variety, redolent of stone fruit, spicy florals, and sweet herbs.
A classic washed-process Ethiopia cup with especially vibrant acidity and spice-toned floral notes throughout.
An invitingly sweet, crisply tart, chocolaty natural-processed Ethiopia cup.
A quietly confident natural-processed Costa Rica cup with sweet herb and spicy floral notes supporting a stone fruit throughline.
A delicate, balanced honey-processed Costa Rica cup with notes of tropical fruit and complex, pistachio-like nut tones.
A clean natural-processed Rwanda cup with an especially appealing, satiny body and a balance of citrus, chocolate and herb notes.
A chocolaty and richly aromatic cup with sweet nut, fruit and floral tones supported by fragrant, cedar-like wood.
A nuanced, multi-layered natural-processed El Salvador cup, elegantly floral, deeply fruit-forward and intricately balanced.
A triangular sensory experience of fruit, florals and chocolate with an especially integrated and satisfying finish — an exacting and exciting coffee. 
A classic washed Ethiopia cup: sweet, tart, citrusy and cocoa-toned with a pleasingly complex structure and vibrant acidity.
Complex vanilla and floral suggestions emerge in a softly lively structure. 
A subtly seductive, easy-drinking cup with quiet but absorbing aromatic intrigue.
A classic cup in the Latin American, particularly Colombian, tradition: brightly tart but roundly sweet with notes of stone fruit and soft citrus.
Processed by the traditional washed method rather than the wet-hulled variation more typical in Sumatra. Integrated and high-toned with notes of stone fruit and cocoa nib at center.
A natural-processed Sumatra that is much more fruit-forward than coffees processed by the typical Sumatra wet-hulled method: juicy, gently bright, nuanced.
A sweet, fruit-toned anaerobic Ethiopia cup with particularly viscous, creamy mouthfeel and inviting tropical fruit notes.
A friendly, accessible, crisply sweet coffee with dried fruit, floral, and rich nut tones.
A sweet, chocolaty Vietnam Arabica with undertones of nuts, florals, and rich aromatic wood.
A trifecta of fruit, flowers, and sandalwood in this delightfully high-toned, bright but balanced, classic washed Ethiopia cup.
A vibrantly expressive, nuanced natural-processed Geisha cup with spice-toned floral and complex fruit notes throughout.
A high-toned, citrusy and floral washed Colombia cup with spice-driven undertones.
A classic washed-process Panama Geisha cup: cocoa-toned, floral, richly sweet and balanced.
A complex, multi-layered washed anaerobic Ecuador cup — bright, juicy, cleanly fruit-toned, alive with tropical floral notes.
A confidently tart-leaning blend of two natural-processed coffees: fruit-toned and quite chocolaty.
A juicy, richly fruit-toned natural-processed Ethiopia cup with distinct raspberry notes throughout, supported by dark chocolate.
A sweetly wood-framed, gently fermenty blend influenced by aging in whiskey casks.
A darker-roasted blend with pleasing smoke-toned chocolate and sweet floral notes throughout — sweet, crisp, bold.
A lush, rich-toned, yet delicately perfumed washed Geisha cup with exhilarating acidity.
An invitingly sweet, very chocolaty Peru cup with a pleasing crispness and especially plush mouthfeel.
An inviting Mexico cup roasted for espresso that foregrounds notes of dark chocolate, sweet-tart fruit, rich hazelnut and aromatic wood.
A deep, balanced, richly nut-toned single-origin Guatemala espresso, with a sweetness and depth in the small cup that emerges even more clearly in cappuccino-scaled milk.
This classic Kona coffee unfolds over time to reveal intriguing complexity, exciting vibrancy, and deep, harmonious balance.
A uniquely composed anaerobic Nicaragua cup with a decidedly lactic tang and candy notes layered with more traditional floral and earth tones.
A berry extravaganza of a coffee – think boysenberry, mulberry and raspberry — grounded by rich chocolate and sweet herb notes.
A richly perfumed, deep-toned anaerobic Colombia Geisha intense with fruit, floral and chocolate notes.
An elegant, floral-driven washed Ethiopia cup, richly sweet with honey and narcissus throughlines.
A fruit bomb, but a sophisticated one — balanced, inviting, confidently bright — also delicious cold.
A nuanced, complex washed Colombia cup with leading notes of stone fruit and spicy florals supported by deep nut and sweet herb.
An easygoing Peru cup, very sweet, with an especially plush mouthfeel.
A honey-processed Sumatra with stone fruit and baking spice notes at center, supported by sweet florals and rich aromatic wood.
A gently fruity, balanced natural-processed Guji cup: sweetly chocolaty, crisply fruity, with pretty florals throughout.
More a floral and cocoa bomb than a fruit bomb, but a bomb nevertheless. Big, intense, intricate. 
This Papua New Guinea is a classic coffee in the smoothly bright, high-grown style. Clean, orangy and almondy with an undercurrent of fragrant cedar. 
A crisply brisk style of washed Ethiopia, roasted toward the dark end of medium, with more spice than flowers and savory berry balanced by orangy cocoa.  
A paradoxically strong-charactered yet light-footed washed Ethiopia, original in its layered date- and pistachio-toned aromatics.
The crisply bittersweet structure and orange and floral-toned aromatics combine grace and authority. 
A classically and smoothly bright cup with Ethiopian aromatic intrigue: vanilla-leaning flowers and tart berry, in particular. 
The unusual aromatics of this big-bodied coffee simultaneously suggest florist shop, lemonade parlor and cigar humidor. Take your time with this one — its originality emerges best with attention and patience.
A classic Mexico cup — sweet, balanced, chocolaty and nut-toned.
A quietly confident, gently fruit-forward natural-processed Mexico cup from the coastal region of Nyarit, not typically associated with coffee.
A friendly, accessible Mexico cup, sweetly nutty with gentle fruit and floral underpinnings.
A subtly nuanced Mexico cup with crisp apple and sweet herb notes with a throughline of richly sweet nut tones — certified Fair Trade/Organic.
A lush, nuanced, deep Kenya cup, classic in its balance of sweet and savory impulses, with a tart verticality that promotes structural complexity.
A yellow honey-processed Colombia Geisha with notes of stone fruit, rich florals, and cocoa nib throughout, and an especially pretty mouthfeel, silky and subtle.
An excitingly complex natural-processed Colombia Sudan Rume, layered and deep, with sweet tropical fruit notes and an umami foundation.
A pretty, floral-driven, cocoa-toned Peru cup with a particularly distinctive, buttery mouthfeel.
An intentionally fermenty, richly sweet blend of an aged natural Dominican Republic and a washed Honduras — a distinctively composed cup with notes of chocolate, cherry and citrus.
An unabashedly candy-sweet anaerobic cup with balancing depth from rich aromatic wood notes.
An organic Haiti Blue Mountain cup, deftly darker-roasted, with rich chocolate and sweet tobacco notes. Nice with a splash of whole milk.
A 100% Kona Typica espresso that’s richly chocolaty, deeply sweet, balanced and inviting, both in the straight shot and in milk.
A fruit-toned, complexly bittersweet natural Rwanda cup — a special microlot produced by women farmers of the COCAGI Cooperative.
A juicy-bright, fruity and chocolaty Ethiopia natural cup with spicy floral underpinnings and a buoyant, levitating structure.
A classically complete Colombia Pink Bourbon cup crisply focused around complex floral, citrus, and delicately sweet herb notes.
A straightforward, inviting cup from still rare Taiwan-grown beans — sweet, balanced, quietly confident.
A multi-layered, sweetly tart washed Ethiopia cup with deep floral and high-toned berry notes.
A deep-toned, deftly medium-roasted espresso blend, with spice-toned flowers and citrus zest as primary notes, supported by a crisply chocolaty sweetness.
A classic washed Ethiopia cup: deep-toned, lively, balanced, bright, and aromatically complex.
A classic Kenya coffee: juicy, bright, balanced and deep with a lively, aromatic spark throughout the profile.
A seriously chocolaty espresso with undertones of sweet flowers and herbs — especially nice in cappuccino format.
Juicy, high-toned, balanced and deep, with particularly full yet vibrant mouthfeel.
A spice-toned, floral Ecuador cup, simultaneously sweet and intriguingly savory.
An exceptionally sweet, complex Canephora (Robusta) cup from Vietnam, processed by carbonic maceration to intensify the fruit character.
A straight-ahead Kenya cup: chocolaty, spice-driven, deeply sweet.
A distinctive Kona cup from the rare Kenya-derived SL34 variety of Arabica, worth seeking out for its confident fruit and nuanced spice notes.
 This Big Island Red Bourbon fermented with wine yeasts displays an intriguing cup profile that juxtaposes tart fruit with rich chocolate notes — juicy, deep, balanced and bright.
An exceptionally lush, balanced, intricate Kenya cup that delights with sweet and savory turns, a transparently lyrical structure that carries far into the long finish.
A high-toned, classic washed Ethiopia cup: cocoa-toned, citrusy, floral.
An enticingly fruit-forward natural-processed single-variety Ethiopia cup with ballast from dark chocolate and caramelized hazelnut notes.
A nuanced, enigmatic Ethiopia natural cup that rewards patience with its lyrical expressiveness and holistic integration.
A compelling natural-processed Rwanda, deftly roasted for espresso to bring out berry and chocolate notes — also delicious as a pourover.
A compelling and complete Guatemala espresso, animated by notes of dark stone fruit, citrus zest, dark chocolate and rich nut butter.
An unusual single-origin espresso, a big-beaned Pacamara from Guatemala that displays rich spice tones and other savory impulses within the context of deep sweetness; think an Ibarra chocolate dessert.
A juicy, balanced Guatemala cup with tart fruit, crisp chocolate, and deeply sweet hazelnut notes throughout.
A richly aromatic, fruit-toned anaerobic natural cup with deep chocolate and sweet floral notes and a throughline of intentional winey ferment well integrated into the profile.
A satisfyingly familiar Mexico cup: crisp, chocolaty, balanced, harmonious.
A quietly nuanced, honey-processed Mexico cup with dried stone fruit, cocoa and citrus.
A paradoxically lush and crisp natural-processed Mexico with top notes of tropical fruit and undertones of sweet herb.
A compelling umami-leaning Maragogype cup with savory floral and complex fruit and spice notes.
A pleasing cup for those who prefer a deeper, savory-leaning Kenya profile to the brighter style. Particularly lively, lilting mouthfeel.
 This rare Enano (dwarf Geisha) excites with high-toned fruit, crisp cocoa, and rich floral notes throughout.
Laden with tropical fruit notes, this unusually composed natural-processed Peru excites with its vibrantly sweet-tart structure and deep floral and herb tones.
A balanced, inviting washed Colombia cup saturated with notes of stone fruit and rich florals, animated by juicy-bright acidity.
A refreshing, very sweet natural-processed Nicaragua cup with pretty citrus and spicy floral notes.
A quietly confident natural-processed Ethiopia Geisha cup — invigoratingly tart, balanced by sweet nut and aromatic wood notes.
A flavor-saturated, pungently bright washed Ecuador cup with elegant floral top notes on a base of citrus, stone fruit and perfumy aromatic wood.
Pitch-perfect aromatics carry into a bright, perfumed, fruit-toned cup with an especially appealing mouthfeel, viscous and syrupy.
A fruit- and floral-toned natural-processed Ethiopia cup: deeply chocolaty, with lift from dried stone fruit and spice-toned florals.
A richly sweet, savory-leaning Kenya coffee with the distinct currant notes characteristic of the origin, along with bittersweet citrus zest and umami impulses.
A classic Kenya cup: balanced, lively, juicy, fusing sweet with richly savory impulses.
A fruit bomb of an espresso blend in the straight shot; more reserved in cappucino format with leading notes of baking chocolate and oak.
A richly fruit-toned blend animated by crisp cocoa and aromatic wood notes throughout.
An exceptional Kona Typica cup deftly roasted to bring out rich dark chocolate and high-toned citrus notes in satisfying balance, with a throughline of tropical floral notes.
A classic sweet-savory Kenya cup: balanced, deep, rich, and intriguingly spice-toned.
An integrated, restrained natural-processed Taiwan cup roasted for espresso, with leading notes of delicate red fruit and crisp chocolate throughout. 
A berry-driven anaerobic natural Ethiopia cup with an especially long, lingering finish — juicy, bright, balanced, floral.
A vibrant fruit- and chocolate-driven Kenya with elegant floral notes throughout; especially long, lingering finish.
A partially decaffeinated coffee of exemplary quality and distinction.
As elegant a fruit bomb as they come, tropical leaning with deep chocolate underpinnings and rich resinous aromatics.
Chocolaty and nut-driven, both in the straight shot and in milk. Resonantly sweet, satisfyingly deep.
A sweet-savory washed Ethiopia cup, cocoa-driven with undertones of sweet herb and spicy floral notes.
A friendly, balanced Ethiopia cup: crisp, floral, delicately and brightly sweet.
A multi-layered, quietly complex Guji cup with deep fruit and rich-toned  floral notes.
A rich Costa Rica red honey with inviting sweet fruit and flowers and undertones of rich nut butter.
An easygoing, cocoa-driven natural-processed Colombia with berry notes throughout, supported by suggestions of rich aromatic wood.
A uniquely composed cup: This honey-processed Colombia was fermented with passionfruit, reinforcing an intoxicatingly tropical profile.
A delicate yet juicy Kenya cup with a floral throughline and savory-sweet herbal notes.
Redolent of wild berries growing in an oak forest, this natural Ethiopia is balanced, confidently fruity and crisply cocoa-toned.
A multi-layered Kenya cup centered around red fruit and savory-leaning florals. Nuanced and engaging.
A classic Kenya cup: sweet, savory, bright, juicy, expressing equal parts fruit and flowers.
A rich, engaging honey-processed Costa Rica cup with a throughline of sweet herb and flowers.
A classic washed Ethiopia cup with stone fruit and citrus notes at the top and resonant ballast from cocoa nib and fragrant aromatic wood.
Chocolaty, citrusy, floral-toned, this washed Ethiopia is roasted to a tactful darkish medium, emphasizing its depth and intensity.
An exemplary natural Ethiopia Yirgacheffe cup: bright, balanced, yet juicy and deep.
A richly nut-toned espresso blend with pleasing hints of citrus zest and spice-toned florals throughout.
A complex, layered espresso blend with sweetly tart fruit notes at the top and spicy florals and dark chocolate underneath — compelling both in the straight shot and in milk.
A warming, spice-driven PNG cup complicated by tart fruit and rich flowers; high-toned and balanced.
An especially vibrant, juicy version of the classic Kenya cup: deep-toned, complex, very sweet and richly savory.
A dessert-like Ethiopia anaerobic natural: chocolaty, fruit-driven and deep, evocative of a tropical fruit melange, with vibrant acidity and lush body.
A friendly, easygoing blend of two Ethiopia coffees, sweetly nut-toned with caramel throughout.
A delicate, crisply chocolaty washed Ethiopia cup with rich aromatic wood notes throughout.
A Colombia anaerobic with tart fruit notes at the top of the profile and richly sweet floral undertones.
A delicate, sweet-toned Costa Rica cup with notes of dried fruit, sweet nuts and crisp chocolate. 
A quietly complex, fruit- and herb-toned Costa Rica natural with an especially attractive, buoyant mouthfeel.
This Colombia anaerobic offers and unrestrained experience of sweet-tart fruit and rich florals that play off each other in synergistic harmony.
A rich, deeply sweet Costa Rica cup that evokes the aromas of an American bakery.
A lively, cocoa-toned blend of Ethiopia and Colombia coffees that’s balanced and deep-toned — both richly chocolaty and vibrantly fruit-driven.
A fruit-driven anaerobic cup complicated by savory, sweetly herbaceous impulses.
A crisply chocolaty and sweetly nut-toned blend with generous floral notes and a nuanced herbaceous lean.
An aromatic, sweet-toned, deeply chocolaty espresso blend driven by tart fruit and rich nut tones, with an added layer of complexity from spicy florals in three parts milk.
An invitingly complex Costa Rica honey-processed cup driven notes of tropical fruit, sweet herbs and crisp cocoa.
A vivid, lyrical washed Guatemala Mocca with layers of complexity, satisfying depth, and rich, balanced resonance that carries far into the finish — a thoroughly complete cup.
A gorgeous Taiwan Geisha driven by dried red berry notes at the top of the profile and deep, rich chocolate notes near the bottom; a complex and exciting cup.
An expansive Guatemala Caturra cup, richly bittersweet and floral-toned, juicy and bright.
A balanced, comfortable, sweet-toned Guatemala cup with sweet chocolate and nut tones throughout.
A solid Guatemala cup with pleasing savory undertones, deftly roasted to the dark end of medium to develop sweet chocolate notes and intensify body.
A crisp, sweetly herbaceousrr Guatemala cup with warming spice tones throughout.
High-toned, explicitly and cleanly fruit-forward, leading with notes of passionfruit and lychee — tropics in a cup.
A very sweet experimental Colombia cup that suggests the flavor of certain hard candies, complicated by a pleasing tartness and crisp, bracing chocolate.
While the co-fermentation with strawberries is not obvious in the cup, there’s an overt berry throughline here that isn’t afraid to take over — an invocation of summer desserts.
A mashup of overlapping fruit narratives: candy, caramelized nuts, cocoa — an engaging blend for lovers of fruity coffees.
A fruit-forward, experimentally processed Colombia fermented with macerated peaches, a method that amplifies the stone fruit inclinations of the cup.
Chocolaty, crisply sweet. Baking chocolate, Asian pear, almond brittle, pink grapefruit zest, maple syrup in aroma and cup. Sweet-toned with round, balanced acidity; lightly satiny mouthfeel. The finish centers around notes of pink grapefruit zest and maple syrup. 
This espresso blend of six top, pedigreed green coffees (from five different origins), each roasted separately before blending, is intricate and complete — it’s especially dazzling in cappuccino format.
An espresso blend richly sweet-tart in the straight shot and crisply chocolaty in cappuccino format.
A multi-layered, deeply rich, complex Ethiopia processed by the anaerobic natural method, with a candy-like sweetness and spicy floral resonance.
An invitingly complex, richly bittersweet Guatemala anaerobic cup enlivened by pleasing suggestions of sweet herb and stone fruit.
A pretty Colombia Geisha natural cup with clean fruit and spice-toned floral notes and crisp cocoa undertones.
A classic Kona: balanced and invigorating with deep chocolate, nut, fruit and floral impulses — rich chocolate in particular carries from aroma far into the finish. 
A fruit-centric natural-processed Costa Rica cup with a cocoa throughline and complex spicy-floral undertones.
Complex and harmonious, intriguing and enigmatic as it unfolds, this washed Ecuador cup — which took first place in the Cup of Excellence this harvest year — is worth seeking out for its bright, confident aromatics that are born out in the rich, multi-layered cup.
A sweet-tart-savory anaerobic natural Burundi with an abundance of both fruit and chocolate, supported by spice and aromatic wood impulses.
A quietly confident, exceptionally sweet washed Peru Gesha cup with leading notes of caramel and stone fruit.
A fine umami-tending cup with equal impulses toward savory and sweet, contributing impressive depth and complexity to the profile.
A deeply satisfying, classic washed Guatemala cup that is both unassuming and confident, with notes of sweet citrus, cocoa, tart florals and rich aromatic wood notes.
A bright, juicy Guatemala cup with tart fruit, sweet nut, and spicy flowers.
A nuanced, rich El Salvador cup centered around dark chocolate and melon, complicated by notes of fresh, sweet tobacco.
A balanced, crisply sweet, chocolate- and citrus-driven El Salvador Pacamara cup.
A sweetly nutty, intriguingly savory Panama Typica animated by notes of dried stone fruit and salty-sweet candy.
A friendly, accessible Guatemala cup, sweetly chocolaty and richly floral.
A classic washed Costa Rica cup: deeply sweet, richly nutty, with especially invigorating acidity, both balanced and lively.
A Colombia Geisha processed by the anaerobic natural method, cleanly fruit-driven with lush aromatics and juicy-bright acidity.
A delicately fermenty, richly chocolaty fruit bomb from a Colombia producer now well-known for creative processing experiments. 
This natural-processed Rwanda has sweet-tart top notes and a rich dark chocolate base, complicated by bittersweet citrus zest.
A delicately fruit-toned natural-process Ethiopia with crisp chocolate and rich aromatic wood notes throughout the profile.
A richly chocolaty Guatemala cup with a compelling floral throughline supported by sweet herb notes.
A quietly confident, sweetly nut-toned Guatemala cup with a particularly appealing, viscous mouthfeel.
A deeply floral, richly chocolaty Guatemala cup complicated by sweet nut and resonant aromatic wood notes.
A bright, balanced, juicy Guatemala cup driven by dark stone fruit, spicy floral and sweet nut notes.
Balanced, bright, invigoratingly crisp, with throughlines of stone fruit, sweet nut tones and baking chocolate.
This single-farm Guatemala espresso displays tart fruit notes in the straight shot, richly sweet florals in milk, and deep chocolate in both formats.
